Citation: R. v. Scetto, 2013 ONCJ 236
IN THE MATTER OF
the Highway Traffic Act, R.S.O. 1990, c. H.8
Between
Her Majesty The Queen
prosecutor
and
Benito Scetto
defendant
Ontario Court of Justice
Brampton, Ontario
Quon J. P.
Reasons for Judgment
Charge: s. 144(18) H.T.A. – “red light – fail to stop”.
Trial held: October 31, November 1, 2012,
and March 1, 2013.
Judgment released: May 3, 2013.
Counsel:
B. Moodie, assistant Crown attorney
J. Bonin, legal representative for the defendant
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

Cases Considered or Referred To:
Faryna v. Chorny, [1952] 2 D.L.R. 354 (B.C.C.A.).
Phillips et al. v. Ford Motor Co. of Canada Ltd. et al., [1971] 2 O.R. 637 (O.C.A.), per Mackay,Schroeder,
Kelly, Evans and Brooke, JJ.A.
R. v. Finta, [1994] 1 S.C.R. 701 (S.C.C.).
R. v. Kurtzman, [1991] O.J. No. 1285 (QL), 4 O.R. (3d) 417 (O.C.A.), per Tarnopolsky, Griffiths and
Doherty JJ.A.
R. v. W. (D.), [1994] 3 S.C.R. 521, S.C.J. No. 91 (QL) (S.C.C.).
R. v. Lacroix, [2011] O.J. No. 2332 (QL) (O.C.J.), per Quon J.P.
Statutes, Regulations and Rules Cited:
Highway Traffic Act, R.S.O. 1990, c. H.8, ss. 1(1), 144, 144(1), 144(5)(a), 144(15),144(18), 144(31.2).
Reference Material Cited:
Paciocco, D.M. and Stuesser, L. The Law of Evidence, 6th ed. (Toronto, Ontario: Irwin Law Inc., 2011),
pp. 32 and 33.
Exhibits entered:
Exhibit "1" - an aerial photograph of the intersection of Bristol Road West and Hurontario Road, Mississauga,
taken in the Spring of 2009 and numbered 2010-208824, on which Crown witness Anthony
Franceschi had marked a red “X” to indicate the location of his school, which is southwest of the
intersection; and printed his initials “A.F.” at the northeast corner of the intersection to indicate
where he been crossing the street; and drew an arrow within the northside pedestrian crosswalk
to represent the westbound direction in which he had been crossing Hurontario Street; and
printed the initials “E.G.” in blue to indicate where his friend Erwin Gadong (the person hit by a
motor vehicle) had been situated at the northwest corner of the intersection; and with a blue-
coloured arrow within the northside pedestrian crosswalk to indicate the eastbound direction
Erwin Gadong had been travelling across Hurontario Street on November 24, 2010 (1 page).
Exhibit "2" - an aerial photograph of the intersection of Bristol Road West and Hurontario Road, Mississauga,
taken in the Spring of 2009 and numbered 2010-208824, on which Crown witness Natalie
Iannello had marked with a large red “X” within a circle to indicate the location of her school,
which is southwest of the intersection; and printed her initials “N.I.” at the southeast corner of the
intersection to indicate where she been crossing the street; and drew an arrow within the
southside pedestrian crosswalk to represent the westbound direction in which she had been
crossing Hurontario Street; and marked a small red “x” within the northside pedestrian crosswalk
to indicate where she had observed Erwin Gadong (the person hit by a motor vehicle) lying on the
roadway at the northwest corner of the intersection on November 24, 2010 (1 page).
Exhibit "3" - an aerial photograph of the intersection of Bristol Road West and Hurontario Road, Mississauga,
taken in the Spring of 2009 and numbered 2010-208824, on which Crown witness Karissa
Persaud had marked a red “X” to indicate the location of her school, which is southwest of the
intersection; and printed her initials “K.P.” at the southeast corner to indicate where she been
crossing the street; and drew an arrow within the southside pedestrian crosswalk to represent the
i
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

westbound direction in which she had been crossing Hurontario Street; and made a small “x”
south of the northside pedestrian crosswalk to indicate where she had observed Erwin Gadong
(the person hit by a motor vehicle) lying on the roadway at the northwest corner of the intersection
on November 24, 2010 (1 page).
Exhibit "4" - an aerial photograph of the intersection of Bristol Road West and Hurontario Road, Mississauga,
taken in the Spring of 2009 and numbered 2010-208824, on which Crown witness Dino
DiBernardo had marked a red “X” to indicate the location of his daughter’s school, which is
southwest of the intersection; and printed his initials “D.D.” in the designated left-turn lane on
Bristol Road on the eastside of Hurontario Street to indicate where his motor vehicle had been
stopped facing westbound; and drew an arc with an arrow to represent his intended left turn and
direction of travel from the eastside of Bristol Road to go southbound on Hurontario Street on
November 24, 2010 (1 page).
Exhibit "5" - an aerial photograph of the intersection of Bristol Road West and Hurontario Road, Mississauga,
taken in the Spring of 2009 and numbered 2010-208824, on which Crown witness Erwin Gadong
had marked a blue “X” to indicate the location of his school, which is southwest of the
intersection; and printed his initials “E.G.” at the northwest curb of the intersection to indicate
where he had been before waiting to cross the intersection on his bicycle; and drew an arrow
within the northside pedestrian crosswalk to represent the eastbound direction in which he had
attempted to ride a bicycle across Hurontario Street on November 24, 2010 (1 page).
Exhibit "6" - an aerial photograph of the intersection of Bristol Road West and Hurontario Road, Mississauga,
taken in the Spring of 2009 and numbered 2010-208824, on which Crown witness Elias Hanna
had marked a long “X” in the southbound curb lane of Hurontario Street, just north of the
intersection to indicate where the transit bus he had been driving had been stopped; and also
made a small “x” to indicate the location of where he had observed the boy waiting at the
northwest corner while on a bicycle, just west of the northside pedestrian crosswalk on November
24, 2010 (1 page).
Exhibit "7" - an aerial photograph of the intersection of Bristol Road West and Hurontario Road, Mississauga,
taken in the Spring of 2009 and numbered 2010-208824, on which defence witness Joanne Ong
had marked a red “X” to indicate the location of her son’s school, which is southwest of the
intersection; and printed her initials “J.O.” at the beginning of the designated left-turn lane that is
south of the southside pedestrian crosswalk to indicate where she had been driving northbound
on Hurontario Street and where she had observed the collision between the bicyclist and a
southbound truck; and had also marked a small “X” in the northside pedestrian crosswalk to
indicate where she had observed the bicyclist at the northwest corner of the intersection; and
drew an oval-shaped object where she had observed the white car and an “x” within a rectangle
indicating where she had first observed the pickup truck in the southbound curb lane of
Hurontario Street behind the bus and the white car; and made a large “X” south of the northside
pedestrian crosswalk to indicate where she believes the intersection began for southbound traffic
on November 24, 2010 (1 page).
Exhibit "8" - a hand-drawn sketch made by the defendant’s legal representative in which defence witness
Edwin Bonilla drew a line and an “x” on the line to represent where Bonilla believes is the
beginning of the intersection in question for southbound traffic on Hurontario Street (1 page).
Exhibit "9" - an attempted and incomplete hand-drawn sketch made by defence witness Edwin Bonilla of the
intersection showing a solid line connecting the north curb of the intersection, as where Bonilla
thought the intersection in question began for southbound traffic on Hurontario Street (1 page).
Exhibit "10" - one page containing two photographs of the defendant’s black pickup truck (F250 4x4), which
had been pulling a trailer that contained a lawnmower. Top photograph is a view of the
defendant’s truck showing the salter in the rear bed of the truck. Bottom photograph is a view of
the defendant’s black truck looking at the front of the passenger-side of the truck and the front
windshield of the truck, in which the trailer is visible behind the truck. The defendant also drew an
arrow on the lower photograph to indicate where Edwin Bonilla had been seated in the rear seat
of the truck (1 page).
ii
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

1. INTRODUCTION
[1] Like many high school students of his generation, Erwin Gadong dreams of
going to university or college, starting a career, and possibly getting
married. However, at 7:52 a.m. on November 24, 2010, his future and
personal aspirations may have been abruptly changed by the driver of a
pickup truck, who is alleged to have run a red light and struck Gadong at
the intersection of Bristol Road and Hurontario Street, in the City of
Mississauga. When Gadong and the pickup truck collided, Gadong had
been inside the pedestrian crosswalk while trying to ride a bicycle across
Hurontario Street, after he had supposedly received a “walk” signal that
would have lawfully permitted Gadong to proceed across the street.
Unfortunately, as a result of the collision, Erwin Gadong suffered a brain
injury, and although he has returned to school on a full-time basis, he still
requires rehabilitative services twice a week to help improve his memory
and brain function.
[2] In addition, after the Peel Regional Police had completed their investigation
of the November 24, 2010, collision between the pickup truck and Erwin
Gadong, they swore out an information on February 17, 2011, charging the
driver of the pickup truck, Benito Scetto, with a Part III regulatory offence for
“failing to stop for a red light”, contrary to s. 144(18) of the Highway Traffic
Act, R.S.O. 1990, c. H.8.
[3] The red light charge eventually proceeded to trial and was held over three
days: October 31, 2012, November 1, 2012, and March 1, 2013. A total of
nine witnesses testified at the trial. After the testimony of the nine
witnesses were completed on the first two days of the trial, the matter was
then adjourned to November 23, 2012, in order for the defendant’s legal
representative to consider whether transcripts of the trial would be ordered
so that they could be used to prepare final submissions. On November 23,
2012, the defendant’s legal representative informed the court that due to the
anticipated cost of obtaining transcripts of the proceedings that the
transcripts would not be ordered. As a consequence, a date to hear final
submissions was then scheduled for March 1, 2013.
[4] For the defendant’s closing submissions, the defendant argues that the
Crown has not proven that he had committed the offence of failing to stop
for a red light beyond a reasonable doubt because of the conflicting
testimony among the witnesses and the credible evidence given by the
defendant, which he contends has been corroborated by other witnesses, in
that the defendant had not crossed the stop line on a red light; rather, the
traffic light for the defendant had just changed from a green light to a yellow
light when the defendant’s pickup truck crossed the stop line, and that it had
been the bicyclist, whose view had been obstructed by a bus stopped in the
curb lane, that had suddenly popped out in front of the defendant’s truck,
1
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

and that it had been the bicyclist who had struck the passenger-side mirror
of the defendant’s truck while the defendant had been attempting to swerve
the truck in order to miss the bicyclist.
[5] On the other hand, the Crown submits that the testimony of the defendant
and the witnesses who said the traffic light for the defendant had been
yellow when the defendant’s pickup truck crossed the stop line is not
reliable nor credible, while the testimony of the Crown’s witnesses is
credible and should be accepted, which would prove beyond a reasonable
doubt that the defendant’s truck had crossed the stop line on a red light just
before the truck struck the bicyclist in the pedestrian crosswalk.
[6] After closing arguments were concluded on March 1, 2013, I reserved
judgment and adjourned the matter until May 3, 2013, to render my
judgment. These, therefore, are my written reasons for judgment:
2. THE CHARGE
[7] Under a Part III information sworn on February 17, 2011, the defendant had
been charged with committing the offence of “red light – fail to stop”,
contrary to s. 144(18) of the Highway Traffic Act, R.S.O. 1990, c. H.8. The
charge states that:
Benito Scetto of [removed to protect privacy],
Mississauga Ontario
on or about the 24th day of November, 2010, at the City of Mississauga
in the Central West Region did commit the offence of: at approximately
7:52 a.m., being the driver of a motor vehicle on Hurontario Street,
licence number [removed to protect privacy], and approaching the
intersection where a red signal was showing and facing such light at
Bristol Road and Hurontario Street did fail to bring the said motor vehicle
to a full stop, contrary to the Highway Traffic Act, section 144(18).
3. FACTUAL BACKGROUND
(a) SUMMARY OF EVENTS
[8] On the morning of November 24, 2010, just before 7:52 a.m., Erwin
Gadong, had just finished an early morning basketball practice at St.
Francis Xavier Secondary School, and had left the school to go home so
that he could change into his school uniform for his first class. He had also
borrowed his friend’s bicycle and had been riding it towards his home.
When he reached the intersection of Hurontario Street and Bristol Road in
2
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

the City of Mississauga, he had a red light and had to wait on the sidewalk
in the northwest corner of the intersection for the traffic and pedestrian
lights to change so that he could travel east across Hurontario Street. At
the same time, Benito Scetto, the defendant, had been driving his black-
coloured pick-up truck, which had been pulling a trailer containing
lawnmowers and equipment, southbound on Hurontario Street in the middle
of three southbound lanes and approaching the intersection at Bristol Road,
which is controlled by automatic traffic lights. He also had two passengers
in his pickup truck and they had been on their way to a private residence to
do leaf collection, as part of the defendant’s gardening and landscaping
business.
[9] Also at that time, there were many students on the eastside of the
intersection waiting for the pedestrian signal light to change so that they
could cross Hurontario Street in order to get to their school, which is St.
Francis Xavier Secondary School, located on the southside of Bristol Road,
about half of a block west of the intersection. In addition, there were also
motor vehicles that had been stopped on Bristol Road waiting for the traffic
light to change. As well, there had been a Mississauga Transit bus
southbound on Hurontario Street, which had been stopped in the curb lane
just north of Bristol Road, right beside the bus stop located in the northwest
corner of the intersection. People were also getting on and off the bus.
[10] Then, at approximately 7:52 a.m., Erwin Gadong, moved forward and
entered onto the pedestrian crosswalk located on the northside of the
intersection that runs in an east and west direction, supposedly after the
pedestrian signal light had come on, which would have permitted him to
proceed across Hurontario Street. He was also riding a bicycle when he
entered onto the pedestrian crosswalk. As Gadong reached the middle
lane of the southbound lanes of Hurontario Street while still within the
pedestrian crosswalk, the black pickup truck driven by the defendant
collided with Gadong. Gadong had come into contact with the passenger-
side of the pickup truck, flew in the air, and landed on the roadway.
[11] After the collision, the driver of the pickup truck, Benito Scetto, stopped his
pickup truck on the southside of the intersection, and then got out and
checked on the condition of the bicyclist. He then remained at the
intersection for the police to arrive. When police officers from the Peel
Regional Police arrived at the intersection, Scetto gave a statement
voluntarily to one of the officers.
[12] In addition, Gadong had been unconscious when people, who had been at
the intersection, had checked on Gadong’s condition. An ambulance then
arrived and took Gadong to the hospital. Fortunately, Gadong survived the
collision, but received a serious head injury that has damaged his brain and
cognitive abilities. He also lost one tooth and split another one, fractured
3
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

his skull, nose, and left clavicle, and his upper left lip had also required
stitches.
[13] Gadong also had to miss approximately three months of school. Although
he has returned to school, he is still receiving rehabilitative services twice a
week to help him improve his memory and cognitive abilities.
[14] Furthermore, after officers from the Peel Regional Police had interviewed
witnesses who were at the intersection at the time of the collision, including
the defendant, and after completing their investigation of the collision, they
decided to charge the defendant with committing the offence of “red light –
fail to stop”, contrary to s. 144(18) of the Highway Traffic Act.
[15] A Part III information charging Benito Scetto with the red light offence was
then sworn on February 17, 2011, and Scetto was served with a summons
informing him of the charge and of the date, location, and time of his first
appearance in court, which was to be on April 21, 2011, at the Brampton
Provincial Offences Courthouse. Eventually, after several more
appearances, the matter was set down for trial.
[16] The trial of this charge was then held over three days: October 31, 2012,
November 1, 2012, and March 1, 2013. At the trial, nine witnesses testified.
Six testified for the Crown while three for the defence. They are, in the
order that they testified: (1) Anthony Franceschi, a witness who had been
a pedestrian walking westbound on Bristol Road and waiting at the
northeast corner of the intersection for the pedestrian walk signal to turn on
just before the collision; (2) Natalie Ianniello, a witness who had been a
pedestrian walking westbound on Bristol Road and waiting at the southeast
corner of the intersection for the pedestrian walk signal to turn on just
before the collision; (3) Karissa Persaud, a witness who had been a
pedestrian walking westbound on Bristol Road and waiting at the southeast
corner of the intersection for the pedestrian walk signal to turn on just
before the collision; (4) Dino DiBernardo, a motorist who had been driving
westbound on Bristol Road and had been stopped for a red light, first in line
in the designated left-turn lane; (5) Erwin Gadong, the high school student
that was struck by the defendant’s vehicle; (6) Elias Hanna, the driver of
the City of Mississauga Transit bus that had been southbound on
Hurontario Street in the curb lane and stopped for a red light at the
northwest corner of the intersection; (7) Joanne Ong, a driver of a motor
vehicle northbound on Hurontario Street and first in line in the northbound
designated left-turn lane; (8) Edwin Gilberto Bonilla, a passenger sitting in
the backseat of the pickup truck driven by the defendant; and (9) Benito
Scetto, the defendant.
4
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

(b) DESCRIPTION OF THE INTERSECTION
[17] The intersection of Bristol Road and Hurontario Street is located in the City
of Mississauga. It is a large and busy intersection that is controlled by
automatic traffic lights and pedestrian signals. The automatic traffic lights,
as conceded by the defendant’s legal representative, had been operating
normally and properly on November 24, 2010, at the time of the collision
between the defendant’s pickup truck and the bicyclist.
[18] As well, for the purposes of this proceeding, Bristol Road will be referred to
as an east-west road while Hurontario Street will be referred to as a north-
south road.
[19] Furthermore, based on the aerial photographs of the intersection entered as
exhibits, there is an indication that there is a center median on the eastside
of the intersection that separates northbound and southbound traffic on
Bristol Road West and a center median on both the north and south sides of
the intersection that separates northbound and southbound traffic on
Hurontario Street.
[20] In addition, based on the aerial photographs of the intersection, there are
five lanes of northbound traffic for Hurontario Street on the southside of the
intersection for the eastern half of the roadway, in which the three center-
most northbound lanes are through lanes, while the most westerly
northbound lane is a designated left-turn lane, and the most easterly
northbound lane is designated right-turn lane. Moreover, on the northside
of the intersection for the eastern half of Hurontario Street, there are three
northbound lanes.
[21] Moreover, the aerial photographs also show that there are four southbound
lanes of traffic for Hurontario Street on the northside of the intersection for
the western half of the roadway, in which the three most westerly
southbound lanes are through lanes, while the most easterly southbound
lane is a designated left-turn lane. And, on the southside of the intersection
for the western half of Hurontario Street, there are three southbound lanes.
[22] Furthermore, the aerial photographs also show that there are three
westbound lanes of traffic for Bristol Road West on the eastside of the
intersection for the northern half of the road, in which the center lane is a
through lane, while the most southerly lane is a designated left-turn lane
and the most northerly lane is used as a through lane and for making right
turns. And, on the southside of the intersection for the eastern half of
Bristol Road, there are two eastbound lanes.
[23] Moreover, the aerial photographs also show that there are two westbound
lanes of traffic for Bristol Road West on the westside of the intersection for
5
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

the northern half of the road. And, for the southern half of the road for the
westside of Bristol Road, there are three eastbound lanes, in which the
center lane is a through lane, while the most northerly eastbound lane is a
designated left-turn lane and the most southerly eastbound lane is used as
a through lane and for making right turns.
[24] In addition, based on the testimony given during the trial there are also
pedestrian crosswalks marked and painted on the road surface on each
side of the intersection, as well as white stop lines that are painted on the
road surface for each direction of traffic. And, from the aerial photographs,
the white stop line for southbound traffic on Hurontario is located just north
of the pedestrian crosswalk lines situated on the northside of the
intersection. The distance between the white stop line and the north
boundary line of the pedestrian crosswalk, as shown on the aerial
photographs, is about one-third of the width of the crosswalk from the north
boundary line to the south boundary line of the crosswalk, which makes the
white stop line appear to be about a meter north of the pedestrian crosswalk
(or half of the width of a car shown in the aerial photographs).
[25] Furthermore, the aerial photographs of the intersection also show there is a
gas station on the southwest corner of the intersection, a shopping plaza on
the southeast corner, undeveloped land and a bus stop at the northwest
corner, and townhouses in the northeast corner.
[26] Moreover, based on the agreed statement of facts, the traffic lights for the
intersection were functioning normally and properly working at the time of
the collision. In addition, the defendant’s legal representative agreed that
there is a 2.5 second all-red phase for the traffic lights for all directions at
the intersection that had been based on the Guild Report dated March 9,
2011, that had been prepared for the City of Mississauga, and provided to
the defendant as part of the Crown’s disclosure, which means that when a
traffic light at the intersection changes to show a red light then there is a red
light in all directions of traffic for a duration of two and a half seconds. The
concession by the defendant’s legal representative that there had been a
2.5 second all-red phase for the traffic lights at the intersection had been
made after the court became concerned about not having evidence of what
the duration of the all-red phase would be after the Crown had informed the
court that the investigating police officer would not be called as a witness.
[27] More important, the court viewed that evidence on the duration of the all-red
phase was essential and should be before the court, in the interests of
justice and for the court to arrive at a proper decision on the merits of the
case, for which the court informed both the Crown and the defendant’s legal
representative that it was considering the necessity of the court to summon
the investigating officer to attend to provide that evidence about the duration
6
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

of the all-red phase, relying on R. v. Finta, [1994] 1 S.C.R. 701 (S.C.C.), at
paras. 295 to 297 and 302 [emphasis is mine below]:
It has long been recognized in Canada and in England that in criminal
cases a trial judge has a limited discretion to call witnesses without the
consent of the parties. This step may be taken if, in the opinion of the
trial judge it is necessary for the discovery of truth or in the interests of
justice. This discretion is justified in criminal cases because "the liberty
of the accused is at stake and the object of the proceedings is to see
that justice be done as between the accused and the state" (Sopinka,
Lederman and Bryant, The law of Evidence in Canada (1992), at p.
826).
The discretion should only be exercised rarely and then with extreme
care, so as not to interfere with the adversarial nature of the trial
procedure or prejudice the accused. It should not be exercised after the
close of the defence case, unless the matter was one which could not
have been foreseen. (See Sopinka, Lederman and Bryant, supra, at p.
826; Peter K. McWilliams, Canadian Criminal Evidence (3rd ed. 1988),
at para. 27:10830 "Right of judge to call witnesses", at pp. 27-15 and 27-
16; Cross on Evidence (7th ed. 1990), at pp. 266-68); Phipson on
Evidence (14th ed. 1990), at pp. 219-20; Archbold, Pleading, Evidence
and Practice in Criminal Cases (45th ed. 1993), at p. 1/555; see also
annotation by Philip C. Stenning, " One Blind Man to See Fair Play': The
Judge's Right to Call Witnesses" (1974), 24 C.R.N.S. 49, and Michael
Newark and Alec Samuels, "Let the Judge Call the Witness", [1969]
Crim. L. Rev. 399.)
There is very little case law on how the discretion should be exercised.
In his annotation, supra, Stenning enumerates seven propositions
derived from English case law. These propositions were cited with
approval as correctly stating the Canadian law in Campbell v. The
Queen (1982), 31 C.R. (3d) 166 (P.E.I.S.C.), at pp. 172-75, per
Campbell J., and in R. v. S.(P.R.) (1987), 38 C.C.C. (3d) 109 (Ont.
H.C.), per McKinlay J. (as she then was), affirming decision of Kurisko
Dist. Ct. J. A summary of these propositions is as follows:
1. The trial judge may call a witness not called by either the prosecution
or the defence, and without the consent of either the prosecution or the
defence, if in his opinion this course is necessary in the interest of justice:
R. v. Harris (1927), 20 Cr. App. R. 86 at p. 89 (K.B.); R. v. Holden (1838),
8 Car. & P. 606, 173 E.R. 638; R. v. Brown, [1967] 3 C.C.C. 210, at p.
215, per Hyde J. (dissenting in part on another issue), at pp. 219-20 per
Taschereau J. (for the majority); R. v. Bouchard (1973), 24 C.R.N.S. 31,
(N.S. Co. Ct.), at p. 46; Campbell v. The Queen, supra, at pp. 172-75; R.
v. S. (P.R.), supra, at pp. 111, 119-24; R. v. Black (1990), 55 C.C.C. (3d)
421 (N.S.S.C.A.D.), at p. 425.
2. The right to call a witness after the close of the case of the defence
should normally be limited to a case where a matter was one which could
not have been foreseen.
3. A witness may be called after the close of the defence not in order to
supplement the evidence of the prosecution but to ascertain the truth and
put all the evidence before the jury.
7
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

4. The trial judge may not exercise his right to call a witness after the jury
has retired, even at the request of the jury.
5. In a non-jury case, in the absence of special circumstances, it is
wrong to allow new evidence to be called once a trial judge has retired,
and probably after the defence has closed its case.
6. A judge ought not to exercise his discretion to call a witness if the
defence would in no way be prejudiced by calling the witness. The
defence should not be permitted in this way to use the judge to call their
witness to give him a greater appearance of objectivity.
7. The calling of the witness after the defence has closed its case is a
factor which may be taken into account on appeal.
…
In order to take this unusual and serious step of calling witnesses, the
trial judge must believe it is essential to exercise the discretion in order
to do justice in the case. In the case at bar, where the trial judge had
decided that certain evidence was essential to the narrative it was a
reasonable and proper exercise of the discretion to call the evidence if
the Crown refused to do so. … .
[28] In any event, this 2.5-second all-red phase is typically what the duration for
that particular phase would be for automatic traffic lights at an intersection
with the same setup.
(c) AGREED FACTS
[29] The defendant’s legal representative also conceded and agreed with the
Crown to the following facts:
(a) the defendant’s statement to the police had been given voluntarily, but
the prosecution would not be entering the statement.
(b) the date, time, place, and jurisdiction is not at issue.
(c) the identity of the driver of the vehicle in question is not at issue and
that the defendant was the driver of that vehicle.
(d) the Guild Report from the contractor for the municipality, dated March 9,
2011, provided by John Clarke, Manager of Traffic Engineering, is
conceded and not at issue, and indicates that the traffic lights at the
intersection of Bristol Road and Hurontario Street were functioning and
working properly on November 24, 2010, at the time in question.
(e) that when the traffic light for southbound Hurontario Street is green than
the light is also green for northbound traffic.
(f) the cycle for the traffic lights at the intersection is red-green-amber-red.
8
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

(g) that there is an all-red phase for the traffic lights in all directions of the
intersection, which also has a duration of 2.5 seconds.
(d) SUMMARY OF TESTIMONY
[30] The following is a summary of the testimony given by the nine witnesses
who testified at the trial:
(1) Anthony Franceschi, a witness who had been a pedestrian
walking westbound on Bristol Road and waiting at the northeast
corner of the intersection for the pedestrian walk signal to come
on just before the collision occurred
[31] Anthony Franceschi testified he is a Grade 12 high school student who
attends St. Francis Xavier Secondary School in Mississauga and has plans
to go to university and study business.
[32] At the time of the accident involving Erwin Gadong, Franceschi said he had
been only in Grade 10. Franceschi also said he had spoken with the police
that day.
[33] Furthermore, Franceschi said he and Erwin Gadong are friends and have
attended elementary and high school together, but they do not hang out
with each other.
[34] Franceschi also said that just before the accident had occurred he had been
walking to school and had been stopped and waiting to cross at the
intersection of Hurontario and Bristol. He further said he had to stop for a
duration of a minute. He also said there had been a green light for him at
the time when he saw a vehicle hit Erwin Gadong. Moreover, he said he
had looked before he walked and had observed that the light for him had
been green. He further said that when Erwin Gadong had entered the
intersection, the pedestrian light for crossing had been green, and that both
of them had been crossing at the same pedestrian crosswalk, but on
opposite sides of the street.
[35] Furthermore, Franceschi said that Erwin Gadong had been riding his
bicycle when Gadong entered the intersection and that Gadong did not
hesitate in entering the intersection. Also, Franceschi said that Gadong had
been still on his bicycle when the collision occurred and that Franceschi had
been moving forward and looking forward the whole time and straight ahead
at Gadong when the collision happened.
[36] In addition, on a blank aerial photograph of the intersection of Bristol Road
West and Hurontario Road, in the City of Mississauga (Exhibit “1”),
Franceschi had marked an “X” with a red pen to indicate that the location of
9
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

his school is in the southwest area of the intersection. He then printed on
the photograph his initials “A.F.” to indicate that he been crossing the street
at the northeast corner, and then drew an arrow within the northside
pedestrian crosswalk to represent the westbound direction in which he had
crossed Hurontario Street. He then printed the initials “E.G.” in blue ink to
indicate that his friend Erwin Gadong had been situated at the northwest
corner of the intersection and then drew a blue-coloured arrow within the
northside pedestrian crosswalk to indicate the eastbound direction Erwin
Gadong had been travelling across Hurontario Street on November 24,
2010.
[37] Moreover, Franceschi said there had been other people with him at the
time. He also said that he does not normally walk to school, but had to walk
to school that day.
[38] Furthermore, Franceschi repeated that the light for him had been green so
that he could walk. He further elaborated that he had the white walking
sign, which shows a white-coloured symbol of a person and had seen this
symbol before he had entered onto the street.
[39] Franceschi also said he had been waiting and watching to see the light turn.
He further said the intersection had been busy that morning, with cars at the
intersection at that moment. In addition, he said he had observed that the
colour of the north-south light had been red, which meant those going in
that direction had to stop. Furthermore, he said he saw a black truck cross
onto the intersection and hit Erwin Gadong. He also said he saw the light
for the truck had been red and that the truck had not stopped. Moreover, he
said there were also two or three vehicles that were going in the same
direction as the truck, but that they had stopped for the red light.
[40] In addition, Franceschi said he did not know what kind of truck it was, but
that the truck had been going fast. However, he said he is not certain
whether the truck had been going the speed limit. Moreover, he said he
had first seen the black truck when it had hit or collided with Erwin Gadong.
Furthermore, when he had first observed Erwin Gadong, Franceschi said he
had been looking straight and observed Gadong on the sidewalk waiting to
cross, parallel to him but on the opposite side to him, and then later
observed Gadong enter the intersection at the same time that Franceschi
had entered the intersection. However, he said he is not certain where
Gadong was exactly on the sidewalk. He also said that Gadong had been
1.5 to 2 metres into intersection when Gadong was hit.
[41] Furthermore, Franceschi said there had been three or four people in front of
Franceschi who Franceschi did not know and that they had stepped on the
road before Franceschi did and were 1.5 meters ahead of Franceschi. He
10
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

also said they were not running but walking a normal pace. Moreover, he
said he does not know if any of those three or four people are here today.
[42] After Franceschi had observed Erwin Gadong being hit, he said he then
observed Gadong lying down on the ground. He said he then went first to
look at Gadong, then went onto the sidewalk and waited, and then heard
sirens. He also said that while he was waiting someone had called the
police and ambulance.
[43] Furthermore, Franceschi said he had observed people stop and come out
of their cars. He then said he went to the school to tell school
administrators about what had happened. He also said that later during the
first period of his classes, at about 9:00 a.m., he had spoken with the police.
[44] In addition, Franceschi said he did not have his G1 license at the time of the
accident and only got it in September. He also said he does not know the
speed limit on Hurontario and guessed that it is 50, but does not know for
sure.
[45] Franceschi also agreed with the suggestion made to him during cross-
examination that since he had been looking forward the whole time while
waiting for the pedestrian signal to change that he did not see the colour of
the light for the truck at the time the truck had entered the intersection, nor
did he see the light for the truck at any time. Also, he said he did not see
the truck enter the intersection until the truck had hit Erwin Gadong.
(2) Natalie Ianniello, a witness who had been walking westbound
on Bristol Road and waiting at the southeast corner of the
intersection for the pedestrian walk signal to come on just before
the collision occurred
[46] Natalie Ianniello testified that she is in Grade 11 at St. Francis Xavier
Secondary School and plans to pursue business and the accounting field
after high school. She also said she remembers November 24, 2010, and
said that she had been going towards St. Francis Xavier at the time in
question. In addition, she said she did speak with the police that day.
[47] Ianniello further said that her father had dropped her off at the plaza across
from the school and that she had been crossing Hurontario and Bristol
when the accident occurred.
[48] Also, on a blank aerial photograph of the intersection of Hurontario and
Bristol (Exhibit “2”), Ianniello used a red pen to mark an “X” west of the
intersection to show the location of her school. She then marked the
location of where she had been when she started crossing Hurontario
Street with her initials “N.I.”, which were placed at the southeast corner of
11
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

the intersection. She also drew within the southside pedestrian crosswalk
an arrow pointing west to show the direction that she was going. She then
marked a small “x” where Erwin Gadong had been located when she saw
him lying on the ground after the accident, which was in the northwest area
of the intersection, just east of the west curb of Hurontario Street and north
of the north curb line of Bristol Road.
[49] In addition, Ianniello said she knows Erwin Gadong but did not see him at
the intersection until after the accident had occurred, and that she did not
even know it had been him lying on the road until she had approached the
location of where he had been lying on the road, which is when someone
had told her that it had been Erwin Gadong lying on the road. Furthermore,
she said she has known Erwin Gadong since elementary school, but not
well, and only talks to him occasionally.
[50] Ianniello also said that just before the accident, which had been about 7:45
to 7:50 a.m., she had been walking with her classmate, Alina. She also
said her first class of the day starts at 8:15 a.m. In addition, she said there
is usually a large group of students at that time crossing Hurontario at the
intersection of Hurontario and Bristol in order to get to school. She further
said she had been waiting for the light, which was a red light for Bristol and
a green light for Hurontario. She also said she saw the lights, and after a
few seconds or minutes of waiting the light changed and they starting
walking westbound towards their school, which is on the southside of the
road. Furthermore, she said that cars had stopped before she starting
walking and that when she first got to the intersection the light had been red
and then it changed to white. She also guessed that there had been
approximately 10 to 15 people that had crossed with her.
[51] Moreover, after reviewing her handwritten statement while in the witness
box, Ianniello acknowledged that she had drawn a diagram in her statement
and that her memory would have been more fresh at the time that she had
written her statement than it would be presently. She then said that when
she and her classmate Alina, whose last name she does not know, had
begun to cross in a westerly direction they had a green light and cars had a
red light or possibly a yellow light. She also said that she had indicated on
her diagram that Erwin Gadong had been going west because she had not
seen the collision and it had been her understanding that day that Erwin
had been going west, but then later learned that he had been actually going
in an east direction. She further acknowledged that she had not seen Erwin
Gadong when she had started to cross the street and when she did look in
that direction and saw him lying on the road she had not seen anyone on
the road. In addition, she said that she knew the colour of her light, but not
what the colour of the light had been for Erwin Gadong.
12
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

[52] Ianniello also said she is confident that the light had been red for Hurontario
because she had crossed the road, but that it had happened so fast, and
therefore, is not 100 percent sure, but pretty sure. However, she said she
did not see the traffic light for Hurontario, but did see the one for Bristol.
[53] Furthermore, Ianniello said she did not see Erwin Gadong until after he had
been hit. She further said she had not seen anyone walking with Erwin
Gadong, in the same direction as him. She also said she had been looking
generally in a forward direction while she had been talking with her
classmate, who she said had been looking that way or in the direction of the
accident. And, she said that it was not until the moment that Ianniello had
seen her classmate’s face go blank had been when she had reacted and
then looked in the direction of the accident and noticed that someone, later
identified as Erwin Gadong, was lying on the ground. She also said that
both she and Alina were facing toward their school, but as they were
walking across the street, their faces were toward each other while they
were talking to each other. In addition, she said she had been in the middle
of the intersection or halfway across the street when she observed
someone lying on the northside of the road, which would be at the opposite
side of the street from her. Furthermore, she guessed that her friend Alina
must have seen what had happened, but from the corner of her eye.
Moreover, she said that she had no idea where Erwin Gadong had been or
what Alina had actually observed, and that she only observed Alina’s facial
expression.
[54] In addition, Ianniello said she does not remember seeing a pickup truck.
[55] Ianniello also said she had given a statement to the police that day when
the events had been fresh in her mind. She also said she had guessed that
it had taken her seven seconds to get to the middle of the intersection and
had written that down in her statement. She also said she does not know
the speed limit there. In addition, she said that most of the other people
had run over to see what had happened and that most cars had stopped at
the time and that people had also gotten out of their cars. She also said
that it had taken her a couple of seconds to reach Erwin.
[56] Furthermore, Ianniello said Erwin Gadong, who was wearing a hood, had
been lying by a bike. She also said that one of the other witnesses, who
was a friend of Erwin Gadong, then recognized him and told her who it was
on the ground, and Ianniello said it was at that moment that she knew it was
Erwin Gadong who had been lying on the ground. She said she then went
to the school to tell the office and to contact his family.
[57] In addition, Ianniello admitted that she had talked that day about what had
happened with Krista and Alina, who were also there that day, but does not
recall talking to them since that day about the event. However, she said
13
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

that she did not talk to them until after she had given her statement to the
police. She also said that she was the one that had written down her
statement that had been given to the police and had believed that her
statement had been true at the time. Furthermore, she said she had not
been given a copy of her statement until today. She also said she had not
made any other writings in regards to the accident.
[58] Furthermore, Ianniello did not see the collision occur nor does she recall
seeing any vehicle involved in the accident at the time.
(3) Karissa Persaud, a witness who had been a pedestrian
walking westbound on Bristol Road and waiting at the southeast
corner of the intersection for the pedestrian walk signal to come
on just before the collision occurred
[59] Karissa Persaud testified she is a high school student and in Grade 12 at
St. Francis Xavier Secondary School and hopes to be a French teacher and
to attend the University of Toronto or Brock University.
[60] Persaud also said she was in Grade 10 and attending high school at St.
Francis Xavier on November 24, 2010. In addition, she said she had
spoken to the police that day.
[61] Furthermore, Persaud said she had been walking to school westbound on
Bristol and that the light had just turned. She also said that she normally
gets driven to school, but her father was out of the country, so she had to
walk to school.
[62] Also, on a blank aerial photograph of the intersection of Hurontario Street
and Bristol Road (Exhibit “3”), Persaud used a red pen to mark an “X” west
of the intersection to show where her school is located. She then marked
the location of where she had been when she started crossing Hurontario
Street with her initials “K.P.”, which were placed at the southeast corner of
the intersection. She also drew an arrow pointing west within the southside
pedestrian crosswalk to show the direction that she was going. She then
marked a small “x” where she had seen Erwin Gadong lying on the ground
on Hurontario Street after the accident, which she placed in the northwest
area of the intersection, just east of the west curb of Hurontario Street and
north of the north curb of Bristol Road.
[63] Furthermore, Persaud said she knows Erwin Gadong from school, but does
not socialize with him. She also said she did not see Gadong at the
intersection until after he had been hit.
[64] In addition, Persaud said she had been with her friend, Natalie Iannello and
Alina, who are both Grade 11 students at her school, as well as being
14
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

among a bunch of other students from her school when she had been
crossing the street at about 7:55 a.m. She also estimates there were 30 to
50 other people at the crosswalk with her, in which she described as some
being beside her and some were behind her, but that they were close to
each other when they had crossed. In addition, she said the intersection is
always very busy at that time and that a lot of cars turn left onto Bristol to
drop off students. Furthermore, she said that it had been busy that morning
on November 24, 2010.
[65] Persaud also said that when she first got to the intersection the light for her
had been red and she had then waited until it turned green. In addition, she
explained that she first had the red “hand” sign for her crosswalk, but did
not have to wait very long until it changed to the white “walking” sign for her
to proceed onto the crosswalk. She then said she looked at the traffic light
which she said was green and that the “walking” sign had showed that it
was okay for her to proceed. Also, when the light changed for her, she said
she had made sure that there were no northbound cars turning east or
making a right turn onto Bristol before she walked across. She also said
she had looked in her direction to see if the traffic had been clear and said
that it had been clear for her. However, she said she did not observe the
right-hand side of the intersection where Erwin Gadong would have been,
but that it had been clear for her side. Furthermore, she said Erwin Gadong
had been on the opposite side and she did not look where he had been
travelling to see if it had been clear there. She also said she had looked to
her left or straight ahead before walking into the intersection.
[66] Moreover, Persaud said that when she had made it out about halfway or
just before halfway into the intersection, she heard a lady honk her horn,
which then caused everyone to freeze. Moreover, she explained that she
had been in the middle of the intersection when she had stopped.
Furthermore, she said that everyone had been frozen at that moment of the
honking. She then took a quick view of the intersection and looked to her
right and said she noticed someone lying on the street and then observed a
truck pull across the street, just stopping after the intersection at the
southwest corner of the intersection. She also said the truck had gone by
her pretty fast and that it had been hard to see the truck because it had
been going so fast. Moreover, she said she did not observe the pickup
truck in the intersection. Additionally, she said the driveway for the gas
station on the southwest corner of the intersection was located
approximately 10 meters south of the intersection. She also said the truck
had stopped in front of the gas station driveway and did not go inside.
However, she said she did not see Erwin Gadong at any time before the
accident, nor before Erwin had been hit. In addition, she said she did not
actually see the lights for north and south traffic on Hurontario, nor the
colour of their light.
15
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

[67] In addition, Persaud said she had spoken to the police that day and had
been asked by the officer where she had been, what she had been doing at
that time, and what she had observed. She also confirmed that the
document shown to her when she had been testifying had been her detailed
written statement that she had given to the police, that she had made in her
own handwriting, and that the information at that time had been accurate to
the best of her knowledge. She further confirmed that it was her signature
on the document. She also said she wrote the statement in the office at her
school, but that the diagram on the second page of her statement showing
where the students that had been with her were at the intersection had
been drawn by the police officer. In addition, she said she had reviewed
her statement before she signed it. Then, after having had the opportunity
to review her statement she said her memory had been refreshed and then
said she knew the light for north and south Hurontario Street was red
because the Bristol light had been green, since she had looked at both the
traffic light and pedestrian sign for her direction. However, she said she did
not make a note about the colour of the light for Hurontario Street.
[68] Then, after seeing Erwin Gadong on the ground, Persaud said she and the
other students ran to the office to notify them that Erwin Gadong had been
hit. She further said she then rushed back outside with the office
administrator, but the administrator had told her to wait inside. When she
returned to the intersection after reporting the accident to school
administration, she had noticed that Erwin Gadong was no longer lying on
the road. In addition, she said that when she had been in the pedestrian
crossover on the southside of the roadway she did not know who had been
lying on the roadway. Moreover, she explained that it had been another
witness who had told her right after the accident that it had been Erwin
Gadong who had been lying on the street. Furthermore, she said that there
had been no one else lying on the street.
(4) Dino DiBernardo, a motorist who had been driving westbound
on Bristol Road and had been stopped first in line for a red light
in the designated left-turn lane just before the collision occurred
[69] Dino DiBernardo testified he works as a Regional Sales Manager and has
been employed in the sales area for 24 years. He also said he believes the
statement he had made to a police officer on January 18, 2011, which he
had read and signed, had been accurate. He further said he had discussed
the event with his wife and daughter before he gave his statement, and that
his discussion with his daughter had been about what she had observed at
the scene of the accident.
[70] DiBernardo also said his daughter attends St. Francis Xavier Secondary
School and is now in Grade 12. He also said his daughter had attended her
16
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

school on November 24, 2010, and that he had been driving his daughter to
school that day.
[71] Furthermore, DiBernardo said that he and his daughter were in his car and
they had been stopped at the lights at Bristol and Highway 10 (Hurontario
Street). He also said that his light had been red, that his vehicle had been
the first in line, and that he had been stopped there for 10 to 15 seconds.
[72] In addition, on a blank aerial photograph of the intersection of Hurontario
and Bristol (Exhibit “4”), DiBernardo used a red pen to mark an “X” west of
the intersection to show where his daughter’s school is located. He then
marked the location of where he had been stopped in his car with his initials
“D.D.”, which were placed on Bristol Road east of the intersection and in the
westbound left-turn lane. In addition, he drew an arrow making a left-turn to
show the direction he was intending to go. He then marked a small “x”
where he had observed Erwin Gadong lying on the ground on Hurontario
Street after the accident, which was in the northwest area of the
intersection, just east of the west curb of Hurontario Street and north of the
north curb line of Bristol Road.
[73] Furthermore, DiBernardo said that while he had been waiting for his light to
change, he did not see any traffic from north to south go through the
intersection. He also said that he had only looked at his light and did not
look at the light for Hurontario.
[74] DiBernardo further said that it is always busy there. In addition, he said
there had been a bus stopped in the right-hand lane on Hurontario facing
southbound, north of Bristol Road. He also acknowledged that there is
always a cluster of kids that cross there. Moreover, he said that Anthony
Franceschi, a friend of his daughter, had been on the northside of Bristol
Road heading west.
[75] In addition, DiBernardo said that after waiting at the red light, the light
turned green, after which he said he then nosed ahead or proceeded a little
into the intersection. He also said that after his light changed to green and
as he moved his car forward, he then heard a loud bang. He said he then
looked to his right and observed a bike laying on the ground and a vehicle
flying through the intersection. He then said he finished completing his left
turn. Moreover, he said that a truck with a flatbed with lawn equipment had
pulled over on Highway 10 (Hurontario Street).
[76] DiBernardo also clarified that it had been only after he had moved his
vehicle forward was the point at which he had heard the bang and then saw
the truck flash or streak in front of him. He also reiterated that he had
observed the light that was for him. In addition, he said he had observed
the bike go down. He then said that after he had parked his car in the
17
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

Rabba Store parking lot he had approached the individual lying on the
ground. Furthermore, he said that both he and his daughter had recognized
the individual lying on the ground. He said his daughter then left to go to
her school. In addition, he confirmed during cross-examination that he had
not mentioned observing a “streak” in his statement to the police officer.
[77] Moreover, after making his left turn, DiBernardo said he stopped and called
9-1-1. He further said he had been talking with the 9-1-1 operator the entire
time. He also said he did not touch Erwin Gadong, but noticed that
someone had brought a blanket to cover Gadong. However, he said he did
notice that Erwin Gadong had been bleeding and not conscious. He also
recalled seeing blood from Erwin Gadong’s ear. Furthermore, he said
Erwin Gadong had been situated past the bus, east of where the bus was
already stopped, or when facing southbound he said that Erwin Gadong
had been lying to the left of the bus and a little bit in the intersection.
Moreover, he confirmed that there were markings on the roadway indicating
the east-west pedestrian crosswalk on the northside of the road, but did not
note where Gadong had been lying in relation to that pedestrian crosswalk,
but that Gadong had been laying in the area of the crosswalk, within the
crosswalk.
[78] In addition, when shown photographs of a black truck with a trailer (Exhibit
“10”), DiBernardo confirmed that the truck in the photographs had been the
truck with the flatbed that he had observed. However, he said he had
observed the flatbed only from its rear.
[79] Furthermore, when asked about his memory being better on the day of the
event than for today, DiBernardo said his memory is the same today and
then explained he distinctly remembers three steps that day. For those
three steps, DiBernardo said he had heard a bang and then looked to his
right and then saw the bicycle lying on the ground.
[80] In addition, he said his first clear view of the truck had been when it was at
the corner by the gas station.
(5) Erwin Gadong, the high school student who had been struck
by a southbound vehicle
[81] Erwin Gadong testified he is currently in Grade 12 at St. Francis Xavier
Secondary School and that on November 24, 2010, he had been in Grade
10. He also said his goal is to attend college to take a pre-firefighting
course.
[82] Gadong also said he remembers a little bit about the accident he had been
involved in on November 24, 2010. On the morning of that day, he said he
had been at a basketball practice at St. Francis Xavier before school
18
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

commences because he is part of the school basketball team. In addition,
he said he had gotten to the practice using a bicycle he had borrowed from
a friend. He also said he had asked his coach to leave the practice early at
about 7:40 a.m. and then got on the bicycle to ride home from the school so
that he could change into his school uniform. Also, he said his first class
would start at 8:17 a.m. However, he said he could not recall at what time
he had reached the intersection of Hurontario and Bristol.
[83] In addition, Gadong said he lives 1.5 kilometers from the school. He further
said he has ridden a bicycle from the school to his home before and that it
takes about eight minutes to go from the school to his home on a bicycle.
[84] Furthermore, on a blank aerial photograph of the intersection of Hurontario
Street and Bristol Road (Exhibit “5”), Gadong used a blue pen and marked
an “X” west of the intersection to show where his school is located. He then
marked the location of where he had been stopped at the northwest corner
of the intersection with his initials “E.G.”. and also drew an arrow within the
northside pedestrian crosswalk showing the east direction that he had been
riding his friend’s bicycle when he attempted to cross Hurontario Street.
[85] In addition, Gadong said he only generally remembers that there were
people at the intersection, which had been on the opposite side of the road
to him and that he observed them on the southeast corner of the
intersection. He also remembers that the intersection was fairly busy at that
time. Furthermore, he said that when he first got to the intersection he
looked and saw that the traffic light for him to cross had been red. When he
saw the red light, he said he then waited. However, he said he does not
know for how long he had waited, but said he had waited for at least a
couple of seconds. Then, when the light changed to the “walking man”, he
said he starting riding and then remembers only waking up in the hospital.
[86] Gadong also said he had been unconscious for two days at the hospital.
He also said he had received injuries to his brain that requires him to do
rehab a couple of times a week, in which his therapist comes to his house.
He further said that he had taken the months of January, February and
March off from school. In addition, he said the effect of being hit now
requires him to have an Individual Educational Planner who reads to him,
as he cannot comprehend.
[87] Furthermore, Gadong said he did not know he had been hit when he first
woke up in the hospital. As for the last thing he remembers before waking
up at the hospital, he said it was of him being stopped at the corner. He
also said he remembers riding into the intersection, and remembers being
about a meter into the intersection, but does not remember being hit.
19
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

[88] Moreover, Gadong described his physical injuries had consisted of a
fracture on his skull, a fracture of his left nose, that he had three fractures
on his left shoulder or clavicle, that he had stiches on his upper left lip, and
that his two front teeth were injured. He further said that one tooth had
been split while the other one had been knocked out. In addition, he said
he believes those physical injuries have healed.
[89] Furthermore, when asked about whether he had recalled seeing any cars
travelling southbound, Gadong said he remembers seeing a bus that had
been parked at the bus stop at the corner of where he was and thinks that
people had been getting off the bus.
[90] In addition, Gadong said that when he had first started across the road he
had been riding the bicycle between the lines of the pedestrian crosswalk.
He also said there was a traffic control signal for pedestrians and a traffic
light showing indications of yellow, red, and green. However, he said that
the two devices changed at the same time. He further said he had watched
the pedestrian signal and when he had observed the white “walking man”
signal, he began to cross the road. In addition, he said that when he had
first looked at the lights he said he had to wait for the light to turn green for
east and west traffic and then he had to look for the “stop hand” to change
to the “walking man”, which is at the same time as the light on Bristol. He
also said that before he had crossed he had looked at the walking man
signal and observed that it was a walking man and that the light for cars for
Bristol had been green. Moreover, he said he had looked at the red light
first and then had looked at the pedestrian control signal.
(6) Elias Hanna, the driver of a City of Mississauga Transit bus that
had been southbound on Hurontario Street in the curb lane, which had
been stopped for a red light at the northwest corner of the intersection
at the time the collision occurred
[91] Elias Hanna testified he is a bus driver for the City of Mississauga and has
been since November of 2009. He also confirmed that he had spoken to
the Peel Regional Police about the present matter.
[92] Hanna also said he had been working the early morning shift and had been
driving a 40-foot Mississauga Transit bus southbound on Hurontario Street.
He further said he had observed the lights for him turn amber at Bristol and
Hurontario, which required him to slow down. He then said he made a full
stop so he could pick up and drop off passengers. He further said he had
been stopped at the bus stop that is located 10 feet behind the white line.
After he stopped, he said people had gotten off his bus. He also said that
both his front and rear doors were open with about 10 people in the area.
He said that people also got on his bus. Moreover, he said he naturally
looks to the right when people get off his bus and lowers the bus for them.
20
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

[93] While people had been unloading and loading onto his bus, Hanna said he
had observed a kid on his bicycle on the northwest corner of the
intersection waiting for the light. Hanna further said he had noticed that the
light for Hanna had been red and then said he had observed the kid’s light
turn green. He said the boy on the bicycle then passed in front of the bus
and then Hanna said he observed the vehicle next to him hit the boy on the
bicycle when the boy had gone past the first right lane.
[94] Hanna also said he did not see the boy approach the intersection, but while
Hanna’s bus had been approaching the intersection was when Hanna said
he had first noticed the boy on the bicycle, when the boy had already been
standing on the sidewalk with the bicycle on the northwest side.
[95] Furthermore, Hanna said the width of that first right lane is roughly the width
of the bus, which he said is approximately four steps. He also said the boy
had been on the roadway when the mirror of the vehicle, which was a black-
coloured GMC truck, had hit the boy. He further said this collision occurred
on his left side when the kid had passed in front of him. In addition, Hanna
said the boy had been wearing a hoodie when he had been hit by the
truck’s mirror.
[96] Moreover, Hanna said he had observed the truck speeding in an attempt to
pass on a red light. He also said the light had been red for two to three
seconds when the boy had been hit. Furthermore, Hanna said the boy had
been on his bicycle within the crosswalk. Moreover, Hanna said the boy
had been the first to go past at the intersection on Hanna’s right side.
When he observed the truck attempting to pass too late, Hanna said he
tried to honk his horn. He then said he called 9-1-1. Moreover, he said he
had observed the light for southbound traffic and that it had been red while
the light for the kid had been green. In addition, he said that at the point
when the first passenger had been getting on the bus was when he had first
noticed the boy start riding his bicycle. Also, Hanna said that when he had
observed the boy begin to cross the intersection, Hanna said he had been
looking southbound at the boy. Moreover, he said that he had noticed the
light had been red when he opened the door and that when the kid was
riding his bicycle the light had still been red.
[97] Furthermore, Hanna said that it had only been the truck that had tried to
pass. He also said it had been the peak hour at that time in the morning.
[98] Moreover, on a blank aerial photograph of the intersection of Hurontario
Street and Bristol Road (Exhibit “6”), Hanna used a pen to mark the location
of where he had stopped his bus with his initials “E.H.”, which were placed
on Hurontario Street in the southbound curb lane just north of the northside
pedestrian crosswalk. In addition, he then marked a small “x” to show
21
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

where he had observed Erwin Gadong, the boy that he had observed
standing with the bicycle on the sidewalk waiting for the light, which was at
the northwest corner of the intersection of Hurontario Street and Bristol
Road.
(7) Joanne Ong, a driver of a motor vehicle travelling northbound
on Hurontario Street that had been first in line in the northbound
designated left-turn lane at the time the collision occurred
[99] Joanne Ong testified she works at a dental office. Furthermore, she said
that on November 24, 2010, she had made a statement to the police and
had been at the Hurontario and Bristol intersection that day.
[100] Ong also said she had been driving her car northbound on Highway 10
(Hurontario Street) and then changed lanes to go left on Bristol. She also
said she had not reached the red light yet and had been at the beginning of
the left-turn lane when she heard the sound of gas accelerating, at which
time she had observed a pickup truck try to get past the southbound light,
which had been when the accident happened. Furthermore, at the point
where she had reached the left-turn lane she said she is certain the colour
of her light had been amber. However, during cross-examination she
revised her recollection of the event and what colour the traffic light was for
the pickup truck when it entered the intersection from what she had
originally given in her statement to the police on the day of the accident, by
testifying that when the pickup truck had entered the intersection the light
might have been red, considering that in four seconds the light should have
been red.
[101] However, Ong had agreed that her memory had been fresh at the time she
made her statement to the police officer who had written down her
statement. Moreover, after she had read her statement, she said she
signed it.
[102] Furthermore, Ong said she had been intending to drop off her son at the
time. She also recalls that when she had first observed the pickup truck the
colour of her light had been yellow or amber. As well, she said she had
observed a bicycle on the west side where the city bus had been parked
that had been dropping off or picking up passengers. She also said the
bicycle had been originally on the pedestrian platform where people wait for
the bus when she first had observed the bicyclist at the intersection.
[103] Ong also said she believes the colour of the traffic light for cars going
northbound and southbound had been yellow and believes the colour of the
traffic light for east and west traffic had been red. She further explained that
if her light had been at amber then she assumes it would have been red for
east and west traffic. She also said that pedestrians going east or west at
22
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

the intersection have their own pedestrian light. In addition, she said she
assumes the pedestrian light had been red, since it goes with the east and
west lights.
[104] Moreover, during her testimony in chief, Ong said she recalls observing the
truck enter the intersection and believes the truck had entered the
intersection when the light had been amber. However, although she
believes the light for her had been amber she also said she had not been
looking at the light at the time she heard the truck accelerate or when her
attention had been on the truck and the pedestrian. She further said she
had pressed on her horn instantaneously because she had been afraid that
the truck would not stop because of the acceleration. Furthermore, she
said she had observed the collision and said the pedestrian had been in the
pedestrian crosswalk at the time of the collision. She also said she had a
clear view of the traffic lights because there were no cars in front of her.
[105] In addition, on a blank aerial photograph of the intersection of Hurontario
Street and Bristol Road (Exhibit “7”), Ong used a red pen to mark an “X”
southwest of the intersection to show the location of her daughter’s school.
She then marked the location of where she had been at the intersection
with her initials “J.O.”, which were placed in the lane closest to the centre of
the northbound lanes of Hurontario Street and south of Bristol Road just
before the designated left-turn lane begins. In addition, she drew a small
“x” at the northwest corner of the intersection on the northside pedestrian
crosswalk to indicate where she had observed the bicyclist. She further
said there had been a city bus, a white car, and the truck in a line. She also
drew an oval-shaped object to indicate where she had observed the white
car that had been behind the bus and an “x” within a rectangle indicating
where she first saw the pickup truck in the southbound curb lane of
Hurontario Street behind both the bus and the white car that was beside the
bus stop. When asked what she had meant as the point where the pickup
truck had entered the intersection, she marked on the photograph with a big
“X” a point where the intersection for her would start for southbound traffic
and placed the big “X” south of the pedestrian crosswalk in line with the
north curb line of Bristol Road and south of the pedestrian crosswalk.
[106] Furthermore, Ong said she had been in the left-turn lane when the bicyclist
had crossed in the crosswalk. She also said that when she first saw the
truck it had been stopped and then she heard the loud sound of an
acceleration, which she knows to be the sound of a car accelerating
because her husband used to drive a car with a V8 engine. In addition, she
said that when she heard the acceleration sound her attention had been
drawn to the truck, but her attention had not been on the truck until she had
heard the acceleration sound.
23
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

[107] Ong also said she assumed that the lanes for southbound Hurontario were
the same as for northbound Hurontario, which consists of three lanes and a
left-turn lane. She also said the truck had been in the lane immediately
beside the bus, which had been stopped in the right lane where passengers
had been going in and out. Furthermore, she said the truck had been
behind the bus and then accelerated from behind the bus and came around
it. She also said she did not see any other cars come towards the south.
Furthermore, she said the truck had accelerated from a stopped position to
go through the light and that it had been the right side of the pickup truck
that had hit the boy. She then said she had observed the boy roll over the
right side mirror. Moreover, she said the cyclist had hit the right side of the
hood near the front windshield and then hit the side mirror.
[108] In addition, Ong agreed with the suggestion that memory fades with time.
She also said she had been near the intersection when she had first noticed
the light had been amber. She also said she had been the first in line in the
left lane. In addition, she said she did not come to a screeching stop and
always slows down when she gets to the light, and that when she sees a
yellow light she said she always slows down.
[109] Moreover, Ong said she has been at that intersection before and said the
yellow light might be four seconds in duration. However, she also said that
when the light turns yellow it then goes to red fast.
[110] Ong also said she starts works at 8:00 a.m., but is usually late. However,
she does not look at the clock when she is driving. She also said there has
been a history of accidents in her family and because her sister is now in a
wheelchair, she does not rush. She further said that time had not been a
factor for her that day as she has an allowance of 10 minutes to get to work.
She also said that as long as she leaves her house by five minutes to 8:00
o’clock she is okay.
[111] Furthermore, Ong agreed that the intersection is always busy there for
vehicles and pedestrians. She further said that students walk or are on
bikes there, and that they go back and forth. She also said she pays
attention to her surroundings because of what had happened to her sister.
In addition, she said she pays attention to cars behind her and said she had
looked at the bus only twice.
[112] Moreover, Ong said there were lots of cars on her right-hand side so she
could not see the children there. However, she said when she had reached
the intersection on a red light she then saw children frozen in the middle of
the intersection. She also said she had been in shock at that time and did
not know what to do. However, she said she did call 9-1-1 and had been
told by the 9-1-1 operator to drop her son off at school.
24
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

(8) Edwin Gilberto Bonilla, a passenger sitting in the rear
passenger seat of the pickup truck driven by the defendant
[113] Edwin Bonilla, while testifying through an accredited Spanish language
interpreter, said he had been at the intersection of Hurontario Street and
Bristol Road on November 24, 2010, as a passenger inside the motor
vehicle being driven by the defendant, Benito Scetto. He also said there
had been another person with them, named Carlos Manzanares, who was
also one of the defendant’s buddies.
[114] Furthermore, Bonilla said that he knows the defendant through his friend,
Carlos Manzanares. Bonilla also said he works for the defendant
occasionally, whenever the defendant needs assistance and is called to do
work. He also said that he had been working for the defendant on
November 24, 2010. Furthermore, he said he would work for the defendant
about once a month and that he had been working for the defendant for
about four months at that point. Moreover, he said that he has been in the
defendant’s truck before. However, after November 2010, he said he has
only worked sporadically for the defendant, which has been about once a
week. He further explained that in the last two months before testifying in
court, he had worked approximately on three occasions for the defendant.
In addition, he said he is also a friend of the defendant.
[115] Bonilla also said that on November 24, 2010, they had been travelling
southbound on Hurontario, and as they got close to the traffic light, he said
he suddenly noticed a bus at the corner of the intersection. He also said
the traffic light had been yellow, and as they were going, someone showed
up on a bicycle. He then said they had shouted at the defendant. Bonilla
then said the defendant had tried to pass over to the side, but another
vehicle had been beside them, and also because the defendant had a trailer
that contains the machines. In order not to hit the car beside them, Bonilla
said the defendant had to turn right again. However, Bonilla opined that the
collision had occurred because the defendant had been unable to avoid the
bicyclist and had hit the bicyclist with the mirror.
[116] Furthermore, Bonilla said the person who had been riding the bicycle had
never stopped, but had continued on. In addition, Bonilla said the bicyclist
had been wearing a hood and had headphones on, and also believes the
cyclist never saw the truck before the defendant had hit him with the mirror
and pushed him to the ground. Moreover, he believes the defendant had
tried not to hit the bicyclist with the truck. After the collision, he said the
defendant then went through the intersection and stopped by the gas
station. In addition, Bonilla said he had been worried because he thought
they had hit the cyclist with the trailer, but they had only hit him with the
mirror. Furthermore, Bonilla opined that the defendant did all, or the best
he could, in not hitting the bicyclist.
25
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

[117] In addition, Bonilla said that he had been seated in the back seat, but right
in the middle, and could see clearly from that position. Furthermore, he
said he does not normally sit in the middle in the backseat, but explained
that he had moved to the middle so that he could talk to his friend sitting in
the front seat.
[118] Bonilla also said the traffic light had been yellow when the defendant’s truck
entered the intersection and it had still been yellow when the collision
suddenly occurred, and that it had been yellow all along. However, he said
that when they had passed the intersection then the light became red, but
he did not actually see the light turn red.
[119] Also, on a rough sketch prepared by the defendant’s legal representative of
the intersection of Hurontario Street and Bristol Road while Bonilla was
testifying (Exhibit “8”), Bonilla drew a red line with an “X” through it to
indicate where he thought the intersection began for southbound traffic and
a dotted red line to indicate the location of the bus. He placed the redline
with an “X” through it at a point north of the solid blue line which had been
drawn by the defendant’s legal representative to represent the stop line,
which was north of the two blue parallel lines that went across Hurontario
Street that represented the pedestrian crosswalk. There was also a blue
line on the sketch drawn perpendicular to the east curb line of Hurontario
Street and when asked what that blue line represented, Bonilla replied that
he did not know. Then when asked about what the other two parallel blue
lines on the sketch meant, he replied that those two blue lines were already
drawn on the sketch, but that he did not know what they represented, and
further said that he should have been given a blank sketch.
[120] It should be noted at this point that because of the confusion over the two
parallel blue lines on the rough sketch marked as Exhibit “8”, it was decided
by the court that for fairness and to avoid any confusion, a new sketch
should be prepared for Bonilla to mark up.
[121] Subsequently, Bonilla attempted a new sketch of the intersection on the
backside of the document marked as Exhibit “8”, which was then entered as
Exhibit “9”. For Exhibit “9”, Bonilla drew a blue line to indicate where he
thought the intersection began for southbound traffic on Hurontario Street.
He placed the blue line in line with the north curb of the intersection. In
addition, Bonilla said he had incorrectly drawn a line in the northeast corner
of the intersection and then explained that this incorrect line had been
drawn too far by him, and further said that this line did not indicate anything.
However, Bonilla did not complete the sketch and explained that the
accident had happened two years ago, and because memory fades, it had
been difficult for him to draw the sketch today.
26
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

[122] In addition, when shown two photographs of a black truck, marked as
Exhibit “10”, Bonilla said he did recognize the truck and said it had been the
truck that he had been in on November 24, 2010, and that it was an
accurate depiction of what the truck had looked like on that day. He also
said the photographs of the truck had been taken at the scene and at the
time of the accident, after the truck had been brought to the other side of
the street.
[123] Bonilla also acknowledged that the bottom photograph in Exhibit “10” shows
a decal on the front windshield, but said that it had not blocked his view. He
also said that the mirror on the truck had been damaged from the collision
and that it is what had hit the cyclist on the head. In addition, he said the
bicyclist did not hit the windshield because the defendant had made best
efforts to avoid hitting the bicyclist. Furthermore, he said that when looking
at the photograph he could not tell if there was a GPS device in the
windshield, but did confirm there were three or four objects in the middle of
the windshield. However, he said these objects did not block his view
because the windshield is big.
[124] In addition, Bonilla said the defendant did not stop at the intersection
because they had been close to the intersection when the light was yellow
and then they crossed. He also said he did not know how fast the
defendant had been driving when he saw the yellow light. Furthermore, he
said they had not been stopped behind the bus.
[125] Bonilla also said he never spoke with the defendant after the accident and
only spoke with the police, but does not recall when he gave his statement
to the police. However, he also said he had been confused when
challenged about not speaking to the defendant after the accident and
admitted that the defendant had told Bonilla about being nervous and
concerned with what happened to the boy when they were inside the truck.
[126] Moreover, Bonilla said he does not know where the bicyclist had come from
because it had happened very quickly. He then reiterated that the bicyclist
never stopped, despite not knowing where the bicyclist came from and that
it had happened very quickly. He also opined that the bicyclist might not
have stopped because the bus had blocked the bicyclist’s vision.
Furthermore, Bonilla opined that the bicyclist should have stopped at the
intersection because the bicyclist did not have a green light. However, he
also agreed that the bus had also blocked Bonilla’s view of the bicyclist.
When asked about being able to surmise that the bicyclist did not stop even
though the bus had blocked Bonilla’s view of the bicyclist, Bonilla opined
that the bicyclist did not take precautions because he had crossed in front of
the bus. He further said that for all the time he had observed the bicyclist,
Bonilla said he never saw the bicyclist stop. However, he admitted that he
had only observed the bicyclist when the collision occurred.
27
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

[127] Furthermore, when Bonilla had been asked if he had warned the defendant
to avoid the bicyclist, Bonilla replied that they had shouted to be careful.
[128] In addition, Bonilla said he had looked at the bicyclist crossing and noticed
that the bicyclist had been travelling directly at the truck. He also said he
had observed the bicyclist hit the truck and that it had happened so
suddenly. Furthermore, he said that when the driver had been trying to
avoid the bicyclist was when the mirror had hit the bicyclist. Moreover, he
also said he had looked at the light, then turned his head, and then saw the
bicyclist. He also said that when the accident happened the light had been
yellow and that the defendant had tried to avoid the bicyclist, but had hit the
bicyclist. Also, he said he had quickly glanced at the traffic light, then
looked to the side, and then they drove through.
[129] Furthermore, when asked if he had observed the bicyclist go across the
street, Bonilla replied that he had first looked at the light and then observed
the bicyclist go across the street, and that is when he told the defendant to
avoid the bicyclist. And, then he said he had observed the defendant try to
move over, by veering a little bit to go as far as he could go. He also
surmised that if the defendant had veered all the way to the left then an
accident would have happened. He further said that when the bicyclist had
been hit they were already in the intersection.
[130] Moreover, Bonilla said the other vehicle alongside them had been travelling
near where the trailer had been. He also said the other vehicle had stopped
while they had gone through the intersection.
(9) the defendant, Benito Scetto
[131] The defendant testified he is employed in the construction industry as a
heavy equipment operator. He also said he cuts grass on the side in a
landscape and lawn business that he and his wife operate.
[132] In regards to his activities on November 24, 2010, the defendant said they
had been cleaning up leaves that day. He also explained that the vacuum
trucks had already cleaned up the leaves but that he had to clean up the
leaves at one house because the owner had wanted the defendant to make
an extra cleanup. Furthermore, the defendant said his friend Carlos
Manzanares and Edwin Bonilla were also with him in his pickup truck. He
further said he was driving a F250 4x4 pickup truck, which is his primary
work truck. He also said he has a big truck with seats in the back.
[133] Moreover, in his recall of the events related to the collision with the bicyclist,
the defendant said he had turned onto Highway 10 (Hurontario Street) on
Britannia and had been driving southbound in the centre lane of three
28
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

southbound lanes of Highway 10 and approaching Bristol. He further said
that Britannia is 2 to 2.5 kilometers from Bristol. In addition, he said there is
also a left-turn lane for southbound Hurontario while northbound Hurontario
has three northbound lanes.
[134] Furthermore, the defendant said that as he approached the intersection in
question, he said there had been a bus stopped at the bus stop in front of
the light. He also said he was not in the same lane as the Mississauga
Transit bus, but in the lane to the left of the bus. In addition, he said he had
not been stopped behind the bus nor did he pull out from behind the bus.
[135] The defendant also said a kid then popped out on a bike, at which time the
defendant said he had swerved to miss the bicyclist, but the bicyclist came
into the side of his truck. He also said the bike had come out in front of the
bus that had been in the right-hand lane. Moreover, he said the bike was in
the intersection and on the roadway of Highway 10 (Hurontario Street) and
that the bicyclist had been riding the bicycle and travelling eastbound. He
also said the bicyclist had been in the northwest corner or side of the
intersection and had been riding his bicycle across on the roadway, and had
come pretty fast.
[136] Furthermore, the defendant said the bicyclist had collided with the truck’s
passenger-side fender, mirror, and door. He also said he did not see the
bicyclist prior to seeing him on Hurontario Street, as the bicyclist had
popped up in front of the bus. Moreover, he emphasized that the bicyclist
had hit him. In addition, at the moment when the kid had popped out, the
defendant said his passengers, Carlos and Edwin, had said, “Watch Out”.
The defendant then reiterated that he had tried to swerve left, but had been
prevented from doing so because there had been a car to his left.
However, he said the bicyclist had already been 3 to 4 feet into his lane and
on impact the bicyclist had been in his lane. He also said the vehicle to his
left had also swerved and had laid on the horn, and then that vehicle
zoomed right through on the amber light.
[137] Moreover, the defendant said he did not run a red light, nor rev his engine
to pick up speed, nor did he speed up, and that he had tried to miss the kid.
[138] The defendant also said that after the impact had occurred in the center of
the intersection, he pulled over to the side of the street, put on his four-
ways, and called 9-1-1.
[139] In addition, when shown photographs of a black truck that were entered as
Exhibit “10”, the defendant acknowledged that the truck shown in the
photographs was his truck, but explained that those photographs had been
taken that morning after the accident when he was on Bristol and not on
29
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

Highway 10. He further said that he had moved his truck from the Petro
Canada gas station to Highway 10 afterwards.
[140] The defendant also said there had been a couple of trimmers in the bed of
his truck, as well as his salter, but that the salter was empty. In describing
the top photograph in Exhibit “10”, he said his salter is the yellow object. He
also said he uses the salter in the winter to salt parking lots after he finishes
plowing. Furthermore, he said the plastic salter takes up most of the truck’s
bed and estimates that it weighs 450 to 500 pounds, or less, because it is
plastic. Additionally, he said he had a 6x12 foot trailer on his truck that was
carrying a 32-inch Ferris hydrostatic lawn mower. Moreover, when shown
the bottom photograph in Exhibit “10”, he pointed out that the mirror on his
truck had been damaged and that there were strokes that were visible
above the front wheel well and to the left of the wheel well. He also said he
did not make a claim with his insurance company for the damage to his
truck because he was afraid that his insurance would go up, which he said
went up in any event. In addition, he said he had decided to fix the damage
to his truck himself and said the mirror cost $500 while the fender had a
break on it so it cost him another $500.
[141] Furthermore, the defendant said the intersection had traffic lights and that
he had seen the lights when he was driving. He further said that as he
approached Bristol he first observed the light had been green and then
observed it change to amber. In addition, he said he had been going 55 to
60 and had been probably 10 to 12 feet from the white line and that the light
had been amber when the collision occurred. He also said the collision
occurred in the proper crosswalk and that he had observed the bicyclist by
the time Carlos and Edwin had given their warning. He further said that
everything had happened in a split second: the cyclist popped out, the light
went yellow, the defendant swerved to the left, and the defendant hitting the
bicyclist. Moreover, he said that when the light had gone to amber was
when he had first observed the bicyclist. In addition, he said he had
observed an amber light and after the impact he had observed the light go
to red.
[142] Moreover, the defendant said the light had changed from green to yellow,
and when he had been on the solid white line that is before the intersection,
the light had been yellow. Moreover, when asked why he did not stop for
the yellow light, the defendant replied that the light had been green, and it
then turned yellow at the last minute when he had been too close to the
white line.
[143] The defendant also said he could not see the kid before the defendant’s
pickup truck had hit him, nor could he stop when his passengers, Carlos
and Edwin, had said to look out.
30
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

[144] In addition, the defendant said he had given a statement on that day to a
female police officer at the accident scene when he was in the camper that
the police had set up. Then, after having had an opportunity to review all
three pages of his statement while in the witness stand, the defendant
confirmed that he had said in his statement to the police that Edwin Bonilla
had been in the rear passenger seat. However, the defendant explained
that Edwin Bonilla had been in the rear passenger seat, but had been
talking to Carlos Manzanares and had been slouched over and had leaned
over with his head in the middle. When asked why he did not give that
answer when he had been first asked, the defendant said that he did not
see the importance of that.
[145] In further clarification of Edwin Bonilla’s seating position in the truck, the
defendant said that Edwin had been behind the passenger seat with his
head to the side, and that Edwin always sits this way when they are
together. Then when the defendant was asked how he would know that
Edwin Bonilla had been sitting in this particular posture if the defendant had
been driving and looking ahead, the defendant replied that Edwin always
sits this way. Furthermore, the defendant said that Edwin Bonilla had been
sitting in the middle of the back seat closer to the passenger side and
hunched over so that Bonilla could talk to Carlos. He further said there is
no hump in the middle of the back seat. He also said Edwin and Carlos
spoke to each other in Spanish, while the defendant had been paying
attention to the roadway. However, the defendant said he does not speak
Spanish.
[146] Moreover, in regards to the work relationship between the defendant and
Edwin Bonilla, the defendant said that Edwin Bonilla works for him off and
on because the work is not steady, and that Edwin had started working for
the defendant 6 to 8 months prior to November 24, 2010, on a shed that the
defendant was building on his house, but does not remember the month
Edwin actually started working for him. He further said that Edwin works for
him about once a week and sometimes only once in one month to one
month and a half. Also, he said that Edwin had worked for him for
approximately a half-dozen times prior to the accident. However, he said
that after the accident Edwin has not worked for him again, although he said
that Carlos Manzanares and Edwin Bonilla had come to help him put in
shelves in his shed in January. He also said that Edwin does not receive
money for working for the defendant, as Edwin is a friend and had come out
to help him and Carlos. He then explained that Carlos Manzanares is also
the father of the defendant’s godson. Moreover, the defendant said that he
helps Edwin out with clothing and food, and also had helped Edwin find a
job. In addition, he said that Edwin is never forced to come to help the
defendant. Furthermore, he said that Carlos Manzanares is not just a
friend, but more like family, and that Edwin is a friend but seldom hangs out
with Edwin now. He further said that Edwin works at Precise Park Link,
31
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

which is the same company the defendant works for as an equipment
operator, but that Edwin works in a different area and for a different crew.
He also said that he had gotten Edwin the job there.
[147] In addition, when asked what objects were hanging on the rear-view mirror
in his truck, which could be seen in the lower photograph of his truck shown
in Exhibit “10”, the defendant replied that they were his miniature boxing
gloves and an air freshener, which was an Italian flag. He further said the
yellow object in the photograph was his baseball cap. Then, on the bottom
photograph of Exhibit “10”, the defendant drew an arrow to indicate where
Edwin Bonilla had been seated in the rear seat.
[148] Moreover, when questioned about why he had testified that he had gotten
onto Highway 10 (Hurontario) at Britannia when he had stated in his
statement to the police on the day of the accident that he had gotten onto
Highway 10 from Mavis, the defendant agreed that it had been a memory
problem.
[149] Finally, the defendant said that he needs his driver’s license for work and is
concerned with his insurance rates and his civil liability.
4. APPLICABLE LAW
[150] The “red light – fail to stop” offence is set out in s. 144(18) of the Highway
Traffic Act, R.S.O. 1990, c. H.8, where it states that:
Red light
144(18) Every driver approaching a traffic control signal showing a
circular red indication and facing the indication shall stop his or
her vehicle and shall not proceed until a green indication is
shown.
[151] Furthermore, the following definitions contained in s. 1(1) of the Highway
Traffic Act, R.S.O. 1990, c. H.8, are relevant to this proceeding:
1(1) In this Act,
…
“crosswalk” means,
(a) that part of a highway at an intersection that is included within
the connections of the lateral lines of the sidewalks on
opposite sides of the highway measured from the curbs or, in
the absence of curbs, from the edges of the roadway, or
32
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

(b) any portion of a roadway at an intersection or elsewhere
distinctly indicated for pedestrian crossing by signs or by lines
or other markings on the surface;
…
“highway” includes a common and public highway, street, avenue,
parkway, driveway, square, place, bridge, viaduct or trestle,
any part of which is intended for or used by the general
public for the passage of vehicles and includes the area
between the lateral property lines thereof;
…
“intersection” means the area embraced within the prolongation or
connection of the lateral curb lines or, if none, then of the
lateral boundary lines of two or more highways that join one
another at an angle, whether or not one highway crosses the
other;
…
“pedestrian crossover” means any portion of a roadway,
designated by by-law of a municipality, at an intersection or
elsewhere, distinctly indicated for pedestrian crossing by
signs on the highway and lines or other markings on the
surface of the roadway as prescribed by the regulations;
…
“roadway” means the part of the highway that is improved,
designed or ordinarily used for vehicular traffic, but does not
include the shoulder, and, where a highway includes two or
more separate roadways, the term “roadway” refers to any
one roadway separately and not to all of the roadways
collectively;
[152] In addition, besides the term, “intersection”, being generally defined in s.
1(1), it is more specifically defined in s. 144(1) for the purposes of offences
set out in s. 144 of the Highway Traffic Act, and provides that where there is
a pedestrian crosswalk indicated by markings on the roadway at an
intersection then the pedestrian crosswalk also forms part of the
intersection:
Traffic control signals and pedestrian control signals
144(1) In this section,
…
“intersection” includes any portion of a highway indicated by
markings on the surface of the roadway as a crossing place for
pedestrians; (“intersection”)
[153] Moreover, where there is a roadway marking present at an intersection
controlled by automated traffic lights, such as a painted white-coloured stop
33
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

line on the roadway, then s. 144(5)(a) of the Highway Traffic Act, R.S.O.
1990, c. H.8, requires the motorist to stop their motor vehicle at that stop
line if they are facing a red traffic light at that intersection [emphasis is mine
below]:
Where to stop – intersection
144(5) A driver who is directed by a traffic control signal erected at an
intersection to stop his or her vehicle shall stop,
(a) at the sign or roadway marking indicating where the stop
is to be made;
(b) if there is no sign or marking, immediately before
entering the nearest crosswalk; or
(c) if there is no sign, marking or crosswalk, immediately
before entering the intersection.
[154] Furthermore, in regards to what a motorist is required to do when facing a
yellow or amber traffic light, s. 144(15) of the Highway Traffic Act, R.S.O.
1990, c. H.8, mandates that a motorist is required to stop their vehicle if
they can do so safely, but if they cannot stop safely then they are permitted
to proceed through the intersection with caution. However, this section
does not mean that a motorist can proceed through the intersection
automatically or routinely just because they are facing a yellow or amber
light. In other words, proceeding through a yellow light should be the
exception and not the norm for a motorist:
Amber light
144(15) Every driver approaching a traffic control signal showing a
circular amber indication and facing the indication shall stop his
or her vehicle if he or she can do so safely, otherwise he or she
may proceed with caution.
[155] In addition, the penalty upon conviction for contravening s. 144(18), as of
November 24, 2010, is contained in s. 144(31.2) of the Highway Traffic Act,
R.S.O. 1990, c. H.8, which on that date set out a minimum fine of $150 and
a maximum fine of $500:
Penalty for disobeying red or amber light
144(31.2) Every person who contravenes subsection (15) or (18) is
guilty of an offence and on conviction is liable to a fine of
not less than $150 and not more than $500.
34
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

5. ISSUES
[156] In determining whether the Crown has proven beyond a reasonable doubt
that the defendant had committed the “red light – fail to stop” offence, the
following questions need to be resolved or considered:
(a) Has the Crown proven beyond a reasonable doubt that the defendant
has committed the actus reus of the offence?
(b) What evidence is there, if any, that proves the defendant’s pickup truck
had not yet reached the white stop line when the traffic light he was
facing had turned to a red indication?
(c) What evidence is there, if any, that proves the defendant’s pickup truck
had crossed the white stop line when the traffic light he was facing had
been showing a yellow indication?
(d) What evidence is there, if any, that proves the bicyclist had proceeded
onto the pedestrian crosswalk when the pedestrian signal for the
bicyclist had been showing a “walk” signal?
(e) Have the witnesses who testified been credible?
6. ANALYSIS
[157] To reiterate, the Crown contends they have proven beyond a reasonable
doubt that on November 24, 2010, at approximately 7:52 a.m., the
defendant, Benito Scetto, had been driving a black-coloured pickup truck,
which had two passengers inside the truck, and that had been pulling a
trailer, and that had been travelling southbound in the middle of three lanes
on Hurontario Street, and that he had crossed the white stop line at the
intersection of Bristol Road and Hurontario Street in the City of Mississauga
without stopping for the red traffic light he had been facing. Furthermore,
the Crown also contends that as a consequence of proceeding through the
red light, the defendant’s motor vehicle collided with Erwin Gadong, a
Grade 10 high school student at St. Francis Xavier Secondary School in
Mississauga, who had been riding a bicycle eastbound across Hurontario
Street within the pedestrian crosswalk located on the northside of the
intersection, when Gadong had been lawfully permitted to enter onto the
crosswalk.
[158] On the other hand, the defendant contends that the Crown has not met its
legal burden of proving that the southbound traffic light had been showing a
red indication when the defendant’s pickup truck had crossed the stop line
for southbound traffic on Hurontario Street, due to the conflicting testimony
35
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

among the witnesses who had testified at the trial and because of his own
credible testimony. Furthermore, it had been contended by the defendant
that the traffic light for him had just turned from green to yellow when his
pickup truck had crossed the stop line, for which he also argued that this
credible testimony that the defendant had not crossed the stop line on a red
light, but had crossed the stop line on a yellow or amber light, has been
corroborated by other witnesses.
[159] And, although the Crown agrees with the defendant that the ultimate issue
to decide is whether the traffic light for the defendant had been red when
the defendant’s pickup truck had crossed the stop line, they do not agree
with the contention that the defendant had been credible. Furthermore, the
Crown submits that some of the witnesses who testified at the trial were
lying or were simply wrong about what they had observed. In particular, the
Crown contends that the testimony from both the defendant and Edwin
Bonilla, the passenger sitting in the rear seat of the defendant’s truck, is
unreliable and incredible and that their testimony does not raise reasonable
doubt. Moreover, the Crown submits that in the areas where there has
been testimonial conflict then the testimony from the Crown witnesses
should be accepted while the defendant’s testimony should be disregarded,
since it had been inconsistent, self-serving, and incredible on relevant
points. Additionally, the Crown contends that Edwin Bonilla had not been
forthright but evasive, has contradicted the defendant, had motive to
fabricate, had been unsure about what had occurred, and that Bonilla’s
ability to properly observe through the front windshield of the defendant’s
truck is questionable, since Bonilla’s view had been obstructed by a decal
on the front windshield.
[160] In short, if the Crown meets its legal or persuasive burden of proof that the
southbound traffic light for vehicles travelling on Hurontario had been red
before the defendant’s pickup truck had crossed the stop line situated on
the northside of the intersection of Bristol Road and Hurontario Street, then
the defendant will be guilty of failing to stop for a red light and a conviction
would be entered against the defendant. However, if the Crown does not
prove the southbound traffic light had been red before the defendant’s
pickup truck crossed the stop line beyond a reasonable doubt, then the
defendant will be acquitted of the red light charge.
[161] And, since there is conflicting testimony about what the colour of the traffic
light had been for the defendant when the defendant’s pickup truck had
crossed the stop line, then the key questions that need to be resolved in this
case are: (1) At what point in the traffic light sequence for the intersection
did Erwin Gadong proceed eastbound across Hurontario Street? (2) And, at
what point in the traffic light sequence did the defendant’s pickup truck go
across the stop line just before colliding with Gadong? Hence, the
36
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

resolution of those questions will be decided by the credibility and reliability
of the witnesses’ accounts and observations.
(A) WHAT COLOUR WAS THE TRAFFIC LIGHT FOR THE DEFENDANT
WHEN THE DEFENDANT’S PICKUP TRUCK CROSSED THE STOP
LINE?
(1) Type Of Offence
[162] The “failing to stop for a red light” offence set out in s. 144(18) has been
classified by the Court of Appeal for Ontario to be an absolute liability
offence: R. v. Kurtzman, [1991] O.J. No. 1285 (QL), 4 O.R. (3d) 417
(O.C.A.), at paras. 15, 34, and 35. Ergo, fault or negligence is not an
element of the offence contained in s. 144(18) and the Crown only has the
burden to prove the defendant has committed the actus reus of the offence
set out in s. 144(18) beyond a reasonable doubt, and is not required to
prove any mental or fault element [emphasis is mine below]:
It is common ground that the Highway Traffic Act is a public welfare
statute, aimed at ensuring public safety through the orderly control of
traffic. Therefore, it is clear that, pursuant to Sault Ste. Marie, supra,
offences created by the Act are presumed to be ones of strict liability,
rather than absolute liability, unless there is clear legislative direction to
the contrary. Whether this presumption has been displaced with respect
to s. 124(16) depends on four primary considerations, as enunciated in
Sault Ste. Marie: (i) the over-all regulatory pattern adopted by the
legislature; (ii) the subject-matter of the statute; (iii) the importance of the
penalty; and (iv) the precision of the language used.
…
The words used in s. 124(16) are mandatory and clearly do not
anticipate a defence of due diligence or reasonable care being raised.
This is particularly so in light of the fact that other provisions of Part IX of
the Act do expressly contemplate that an accused may be exculpated
where reasonable and prudent conduct has been demonstrated. Such
choice of language in other provisions and its absence from the
provision in question indicate that the legislature intended to create an
offence of absolute liability.
In my view, the legislature had a similar intention with respect to s.
124(18) [now 144(18)]. It may be that the language of s. 124(18) [now
144(18)], providing that an emergency vehicle "may proceed without a
green indication being shown if it is safe to do so" does anticipate that
any inquiry into a driver's assessment of whether it is safe to proceed
may be tempered by a reasonableness standard. That is, a defence of
due diligence may be available to those who, after stopping, exercise all
reasonable care to ascertain whether it is safe to proceed. However, the
appellant in this case failed to bring his vehicle to a full stop. In my view,
the language of at least that part of the provision is mandatory and
37
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

absolute and not subject to an inquiry into the reasonableness of the
driver's efforts. As noted earlier, the driver either stops or he does not. In
this case, he did not and, therefore, in my view, he contravened the
provision.
[163] Accordingly, to obtain a conviction for this absolute liability offence, the
Crown is only required to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that the traffic
light for southbound traffic on Hurontario Street at the intersection of
Hurontario Street and Bristol Road, in the City of Mississauga, on
November 24, 2010, at 7:52 a.m. had been showing a red indication when
the defendant’s pickup truck was still north of the stop line for southbound
traffic and that the defendant did not stop his vehicle for that red light prior
to the vehicle reaching or crossing the stop line.
(2) Credibility And Reliability Of Witnesses’ Observations And
Testimony
[164] As indicated, the outcome of this trial will come down to credible and
reliable testimony. For a trier of fact, it is a challenging task to assess the
credibility of a particular witness or of the veracity of the witness’s account
of an event. However, courts have tried to lessen this difficulty by
developing a rational approach for assessing credibility and the veracity of
that specific account. One such approach for assessing the veracity of an
account or version of an event was adopted by Schroeder J.A. of the
Ontario Court of Appeal, at para. 22, in Phillips et al. v. Ford Motor Co. of
Canada Ltd. et al., [1971] 2 O.R. 637, from the reasoning in Faryna v.
Chorny, [1952] 2 D.L.R. 354 (B.C.C.A.), that had based the assessment of
the truth of a witness’s account on its harmony with the preponderance of
the probabilities which a practical and informed person would readily
recognize as reasonable in that place and in those conditions [emphasis is
mine below]:
… While credibility is one test to be applied in the evaluation of
testimony, it is by no means the only test, nor is it, in all cases, the most
significant one. That is especially so in the present case in which there is
such an enormous volume of unanswered opinion evidence given by
highly reputable and well-qualified witnesses against which the plaintiffs'
evidence must be weighed. One of the most enlightened guides on this
aspect of a trial Judge's functions appears in a judgment of the late
O'Halloran, J.A., delivered in the British Columbia Court of Appeal in
Faryna v. Chorny, [1952] 2 D.L.R. 354. What the learned Jurist there
stated is so apposite in the present case that I feel impelled to quote the
following extract from his reasons which appear at pp. 356-8:
If a trial Judge's finding on credibility is to depend solely on which person
he thinks made the better appearance of sincerity in the witness box, we
are left with a purely arbitrary finding and justice would then depend upon
the best actors in the witness box. On reflection it becomes almost
axiomatic that the appearance of telling the truth is but one of the
elements that enter into the credibility of the evidence of a witness.
38
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

Opportunities for knowledge, powers of observation, judgment and
memory, ability to describe clearly what he has seen and heard, as well
as other factors, combine to produce what is called credibility, and cf.
Raymond v. Bosanquet (1919), 50 D.L.R. 560 at p. 566, 59 S.C.R. 452 at
p. 460, 17 O.W.N. 295. A witness by his manner may create a very
unfavourable impression of his truthfulness upon the trial Judge, and yet
the surrounding circumstances in the case may point decisively to the
conclusion that he is actually telling the truth. I am not referring to the
comparatively infrequent cases in which a witness is caught in a clumsy
lie.
The credibility of interested witnesses, particularly in cases of conflict of
evidence, cannot be gauged solely by the test of whether the personal
demeanour of the particular witness carried conviction of the truth. The
test must reasonably subject his story to an examination of its
consistency with the probabilities that surround the currently existing
conditions. In short, the real test of the truth of the story of a witness in
such a case must be its harmony with the preponderance of the
probabilities which a practical and informed person would readily
recognize as reasonable in that place and in those conditions. Only thus
can a Court satisfactorily appraise the testimony of quick-minded,
experienced and confident witnesses, and of those shrewd persons adept
in the half-lie and of long and successful experience in combining skilful
exaggeration with partial suppression of the truth. Again a witness may
testify what he sincerely believes to be true, but he may be quite honestly
mistaken. For a trial Judge to say "I believe him because I judge him to
be telling the truth", is to come to a conclusion on consideration of only
half the problem. In truth it may easily be self-direction of a dangerous
kind.
The trial Judge ought to go further and say that evidence of the witness
he believes is in accordance with the preponderance of probabilities in
the case and, if his view is to command confidence, also state his
reasons for that conclusion. The law does not clothe the trial Judge with a
divine insight into the hearts and minds of the witnesses. And a Court of
Appeal must be satisfied that the trial Judge's finding of credibility is
based not on one element only to the exclusion of others, but is based on
all the elements by which it can be tested in the particular case.
[165] Therefore, in considering whether particular aspects of a witness’s
testimony is to be believed, those aspects must accord with the
preponderance of probabilities, which a practical and informed person
would readily recognize as reasonable in that place and in those conditions.
[166] Moreover, in their textbook, The Law of Evidence, 6th ed. (Toronto, Ontario:
Irwin Law Inc., 2011), authors Paciocco and Steusser, at pp. 32 and 33, in
their discussion about the believability of evidence and the difference
between the meaning of reliability and the credibility of a witness’s
evidence, have succinctly explained that credibility refers to the honesty of
the witness while reliability describes the accuracy of evidence. Moreover,
they emphasize that evidence which shows that a witness has been
corrupted, has a motive to mislead, or has discreditable character will be
39
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

relevant to credibility. And, they further explain that reliability is affected by
a witness’s ability to properly observe, to properly recall, and to properly
communicate their observations of an event [emphasis is mine below]:
Assume a witness testifies that the robber with the gun was the person with
a face tattoo of a stream of tears. If the trier of fact is concerned that the
witness may be lying, or may be mistaken about this, the evidence may be
given little if any weight. Believability affects weight.
When deciding whether evidence is believable, legal theory draws a helpful
distinction between “credibility” and “reliability.” “Credibility” is about the
honesty of the witness. Evidence showing that a witness has been
corrupted, has a motive to mislead, or has a discreditable character will be
relevant to credibility. For example, evidence that the witness identifying
the robber was an accomplice who has made a deal with the police could
cause a trier of fact to give the testimony little weight.
“Reliability” is the term used to describe the accuracy of evidence. It can
relate to the accuracy of a scientific or forensic process, but when applied
to witnesses, reliability captures the kinds of things that can cause even an
honest witness to provide inaccurate information. The reliability of witness
testimony can be affected, for example, by (1) inaccurate observations, (2)
memory problems, or (3) a failure by the witness to communicate
observations accurately. Our witness may, for example, have been too far
from the scene to conclude dependably that it was the tattooed man who
held the gun, or he may not recall sufficient details of the event to instill
confidence that he is right about this. Although credible, his evidence will
be given little weight because it is unreliable.
(3) Did Anyone See The Defendant’s Pickup Truck Proceed Across
The Stop Line For Southbound Traffic When The Traffic Light Had
Been Red For The Defendant?
[167] Even though several Crown witnesses did testify about the traffic light for
the defendant being red, only one witness actually testified to having
observed the traffic light for southbound traffic on Hurontario Street being
red before the defendant’s pickup truck had crossed the stop line and then
collide with the bicyclist in the pedestrian crosswalk. That testimony, which
I find credible and reliable, came from Elias Hanna, the bus driver who had
been operating the City of Mississauga Transit bus that had been stopped
in the southbound curb lane just before the southbound stop line and that
had been letting off and picking up passengers from the bus stop located in
the northwest corner of the intersection. Specifically, Hanna had testified
that the traffic light for southbound traffic had been red for two to three
seconds when Erwin Gadong had been hit and that he had also observed
the truck speeding in an attempt to pass on the red light. Hanna also
testified that he had observed the light for southbound traffic had been red
while the light for Gadong had been green.
40
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

[168] Moreover, the Crown witnesses that had said the traffic light for the
defendant had been red, but who did not actually look at the southbound
traffic light or observe the colour of the southbound traffic light at the critical
point, came from the testimony of Anthony Franceschi and Natalie Ianniello.
For Anthony Franceschi, he had initially testified that he had observed the
colour of the north-south traffic light for the pickup truck that had collided
with Erwin Gadong had been red and that there were also two or three
vehicles that were going in the same direction as the pickup truck that had
stopped for the red light, even though the pickup truck had not stopped.
However, he then agreed during cross-examination that since he had been
looking straight ahead the whole time, he did not see what the colour of the
traffic light had been for the pickup truck when it had crossed the stop line,
or at any other time. And, for Natalie Ianniello, she had commented that
when she had begun to cross in a westerly direction she had a green light
and that cars had a red light or possibly a yellow light, but that she had not
seen the traffic light for Hurontario. As such, the testimony from Anthony
Franceschi that the traffic light for the pickup truck had been red is not
reliable nor is the testimony from Natalie Ianniello that the cars had a red or
possibly yellow reliable, since neither had actually observed the colour of
the northbound or southbound traffic light at the critical point when the
defendant’s pickup truck had crossed the stop line. However, the failure of
Franceschi and Ianniello to observe the traffic light for northbound or
southbound traffic on Hurontario does not undermine their credibility on
their other observations.
[169] As for the remaining Crown witnesses, Karissa Persaud, Erwin Gadong,
and Dino DiBernardo, they also did not testify about seeing the colour of the
traffic light for southbound traffic on Hurontario Street when the defendant’s
pickup truck had crossed the stop line.
[170] Furthermore, there was also testimony from a defence witness regarding
the southbound traffic light being red that needs mentioning. That evidence
came from Joanne Ong, who had initially testified about the defendant
entering the intersection on a yellow or amber light, but then changed her
testimony during cross-examination by the Crown, and said that the traffic
light for the defendant should have been red because four seconds had
elapsed. However, Ong’s testimony that the traffic light for the defendant
should have been red is more of an assumption on her part than an actual
observation made by her, and as such, is not a reliable observation from
Ong that the traffic light in question had been red when the defendant’s
pickup truck had crossed the stop line.
(4) Is There Circumstantial Evidence From Which It Could Be Inferred
That The Defendant’s Pickup Truck Had Crossed The Stop Line Only
After The Southbound Traffic Light Had Been Showing A Red
Indication?
41
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

[171] Although there is only one witness who gave direct evidence about
observing the defendant’s pickup truck crossing the stop line on a red light,
there is also circumstantial evidence before the court from which the same
can be inferred. That circumstantial evidence includes evidence that is
based on Karissa Persaud standing halfway or near halfway in the
intersection when she heard a horn honking and then seeing a fast-moving
truck go past; evidence of Dino DiBernardo hearing a loud bang after he
had moved his vehicle forward on a green light for Bristol Road; and
evidence pertaining to the logical position of the defendant’s truck in relation
to the position of Erwin Gadong in the crosswalk that is based on the timing
and duration of the phases of the traffic lights at the intersection in
correlation to the occurrence of events and positions of witnesses at the
intersection during the time of the collision.
(a) the horn honking event
[172] Joanne Ong, the driver of the vehicle travelling northbound on Hurontario
Street, had said that after she had observed the pickup truck hit the bicyclist
she had immediately honked her horn to warn others in the intersection
about what she had just seen happen.
[173] In addition, Karissa Persaud, who had been walking westward in the
southside pedestrian crosswalk, had testified that when she had made it out
about halfway or just before halfway into the intersection, she heard a lady
honk her horn, which then caused everyone to freeze, including herself.
Furthermore, she said that everyone had been frozen at that moment of the
honking. She also said she then took a quick view of the intersection and
looked to her right and had noticed someone lying on the street and then
observed a truck pull across the street, just stopping after the intersection at
the southwest corner of the intersection. She also said the truck had gone
by her pretty fast and that it had been hard to see the truck because it had
been going so fast. However, she also said she did not observe the pickup
truck in the intersection.
[174] Moreover, in regards to the sequence and duration of the phases of the
traffic lights at the intersection, the green light for Persaud to proceed west
across Hurontario Street would not have come on until 2.5 seconds after
the traffic light for southbound Hurontario Street had changed to a red light,
since there is a 2.5 second all-red phase for all directions of traffic at the
intersection.
[175] Thus, when Karissa Persaud had heard the honking of a horn she was
already halfway or nearly halfway into the intersection, which logically puts
the time at which the collision had occurred close to the point of time after
Persaud had received a green light to enter the pedestrian crosswalk,
42
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

considering that Persaud was already a significant distance into the
pedestrian crosswalk when she heard a horn honking that had caused her
to stop, and which then caused her to look around the intersection and then
observe someone lying on the street and then observing a fast-moving truck
go past her and stop at the southwest corner. However, Persaud, had also
testified that it had taken her about 7 seconds after receiving the green light
to proceed to reach the halfway or near halfway point in the intersection
where she had stopped. As such, Persaud’s testimony would contradict the
scenario that the defendant’s pickup truck had crossed the stop line when
the southbound traffic light would have just turned yellow or amber from a
green light, since the timing and the duration of the phases of the traffic
lights at the intersection would not coincide with where Persaud had been
stopped and standing in the intersection after she had heard a horn honk
and then seeing a fast-moving truck go past her and stop at the southwest
corner.
[176] Furthermore, based on Persaud’s testimony that it had taken her 7 seconds
to reach the halfway or near halfway point in the intersection, then it would
have also taken the defendant’s pickup truck about 9.5 seconds after the
southbound traffic light had turned red to just reach the southside
crosswalk, near where Persaud would have been standing when she had
just heard the horn honking and then observe the fast-moving truck go past
her. Hence, the 9.5 seconds would be comprised of the 2.5 seconds that it
would have taken for Persaud’s pedestrian signal light to turn green after
the traffic light for southbound traffic had turned red and the 7 seconds it
would take for Persaud to reach the halfway or near halfway point in the
intersection where she would hear the horn honking that would cause her to
stop and then observe a fast-moving truck go past her and stop at the
southwest corner of the intersection.
[177] Moreover, in light of the sequence and duration of the traffic light phases at
the intersection, Persaud’s testimony further contradicts the defendant’s
time line about crossing the stop line just as the southbound traffic light
changed from green to yellow. In respect to the veracity defendant’s time
line, his pickup truck would have had nearly 4 seconds of the amber light
phase plus the 2.5 seconds for the all-red light phase, which totals about
5.5 seconds to 6.5 seconds of time, to have collided with Erwin Gadong in
the northside pedestrian crosswalk and then travel to the southwest corner
of the intersection before Persaud’s green light would have even come on
for Persuad to enter onto the pedestrian crosswalk and before the 7
seconds of time that would have elapsed for Persaud to walk to the halfway
or near halfway point in the intersection so she could hear a horn honk.
Hence, the discrepancy between the defendant’s time line and Persaud’s
time line is further increased in duration when taking into account that it
would take 7 more seconds after Persaud’s light to proceed had changed to
green for Persaud to walk to the halfway or near halfway point in the
43
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

intersection before Persaud would have observed the fast-moving truck go
past her and then stop at the southwest corner of the intersection.
Moreover, from the earliest of the defendant’s timeline at the beginning of
the yellow light phase, which lasts about 4 seconds, to the latest of
Persaud’s timeline of seeing the pickup truck go past and stop at the
southwest corner, would roughly amount to 13.5 seconds. This 13.5
seconds would also roughly represent the discrepancy of time between
when the defendant’s truck would have reached the southside pedestrian
crosswalk based on the defendant’s timeline and when Persaud would have
observed the defendant’s pickup truck go past Persaud, as she was
stopped in the southwest crosswalk about halfway or near hallway in the
intersection, which is based on Persaud’s timeline and its harmony with the
phases and duration of the traffic lights at the intersection.
[178] Therefore, based on Persaud’s account of where she had been in the
intersection when she heard the horn honking, then the point at which the
defendant’s truck had crossed the stop line would then have to be logically
on a red light, since the defendant’s pickup truck would not have collided
with Erwin Gadong until about 9.5 seconds after the southbound traffic light
had turned red, considering that Persaud would have only entered onto the
intersection after the southbound red light had been red for 2.5 seconds
plus the 7 seconds that it would have taken for Persaud to walk to the
halfway or near halfway point of the intersection where she heard a horn
honking, and then seeing a person lying on the road, and then seeing the
fast-moving truck go past her and stop at the southwest corner.
[179] As such, based on Persaud’s testimony about where she had been
standing in the intersection at the moment of the horn honking and the time
it would take her to walk to the halfway or near halfway point in the
intersection, would logically place the defendant’s pickup truck still north of
the southside pedestrian crosswalk where Persaud would have stopped,
roughly at 7 to 9.5 seconds after the southbound traffic light had turned to a
red light, which would easily put the defendant’s pickup truck still north of
the stop line when the southbound traffic light had turned red, considering
there is no evidence that the defendant’s truck had been travelling between
the northside pedestrian crosswalk and southside pedestrian crosswalk at a
slow speed.
(b) Dino DiBernardo hearing a bang after he moved his motor vehicle
forward
[180] For this circumstantial evidence, Dino DiBernardo had testified that after the
light had turned green for him to make his left turn, he had nosed his car
forward, and as he moved his car forward, he said he then heard a loud
bang, then looked to his right, and then observed a bike lying on the ground
and a truck flying through the intersection. He then said he completed his
44
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

left turn and called 9-1-1. Moreover, he then said that a truck with a flatbed
with lawn equipment had pulled over on Highway 10 (Hurontario Street).
[181] DiBernardo also said that while he had been waiting for his traffic light to
change, he did not see any traffic from north to south go through the
intersection.
[182] Ergo, based on DiBernardo’s testimony, the collision would have occurred
at a point after DiBernardo’s traffic light for westbound Bristol Road had
changed to green and after DiBernardo had moved his vehicle forward.
And, since the northside pedestrian crosswalk is located close to the stop
line for southbound traffic on Hurontario Street, as shown on the aerial
photographs of the intersection entered as exhibits, and as the collision
between the defendant’s pickup truck and Erwin Gadong had occurred in
the pedestrian crosswalk, then DiBernardo’s testimony that he had heard a
loud bang after he had a green light and after he had started moving his
vehicle forward, and then seeing a bicycle lying on the ground and a truck
flash or streak by, would indicate that the collision occurred after the traffic
light for westbound Bristol Road had changed to a green light and after the
southbound traffic light had been red for at least 2.5 seconds.
[183] As such, DiBernardo’s testimony would also contradict the scenario that the
defendant’s pickup truck had crossed the stop line when the southbound
traffic light would have just turned yellow or amber from a green light, since
the timing and the duration of the phases of the traffic lights at the
intersection would not coincide with when DiBernardo had heard the loud
bang after DiBernardo had received a green light to move his motor vehicle
forward, nor with DiBernardo seeing the flash of a vehicle moving past after
hearing the loud bang. As such, DiBernardo’s account would logically put
the point at which the defendant’s pickup truck had crossed the stop line to
be after the green light had come on for DiBernardo and after DiBernardo
had begun moving his vehicle forward, and after the southbound traffic light
had been red for at least 2.5 seconds.
[184] Therefore, after considering that there is a 2.5-second all-red phase for the
traffic lights at the intersection, then DiBernardo’s traffic light would not have
turned green until 2.5 seconds after the southbound traffic light for
Hurontario Street had turned red. As such, based on DiBernardo’s
testimony about hearing a loud bang after he had moved his vehicle forward
after receiving a green light would put the defendant’s pickup truck still north
of the stop line when the southbound traffic light had been red, since the
pedestrian crosswalk where Erwin Gadong had been crossing in is located
roughly a meter south of the stop line and the defendant’s pickup truck had
been seen going fast through the intersection, and since it would have only
taken a fraction of a second for the defendant’s pickup truck to travel the
distance between the stop line and the northside pedestrian crosswalk.
45
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

(c) the position of the defendant and Erwin Gadong based on the
duration and phases of the traffic lights
[185] In most cases, the occurrence of specific events at the intersection can be
verified or logically determined by considering the duration and phases of
the automatic traffic lights at the intersection in conjunction with the position
or location of people or vehicles around the intersection and the occurrence
of other events. For this case, the duration and phases of the automatic
traffic lights will confirm or assist in the determination of whether the
defendant’s pickup truck had crossed the stop line on a red light or on a
yellow light and whether Erwin Gadong had entered onto the pedestrian
crosswalk after the pedestrian signal for Gadong would have changed to a
“walk” signal.
[186] However, the two scenarios at issue in this case, whether the defendant’s
pickup truck had crossed the stop line on a yellow light and whether Erwin
Gadong had only entered onto the pedestrian crosswalk after the
pedestrian signal for Gadong had been showing a “walk” signal, are
mutually exclusive. In other words, the two scenarios at issue are unable to
be both true at the same time. In addition, their mutual exclusivity are
based upon the presumption of regularity and based on the policy reason of
safety and the protection of the public using the intersection. In particular, it
can be logically presumed that the sequence and phases of the traffic lights
at the intersection would not be designed or set up by the municipality so as
to make the intersection unsafe or dangerous to motorists and pedestrians
using or crossing at the intersection. For example, the traffic lights would
not be sequenced so that there would be a green light for both Hurontario
Street and Bristol Road at the same time, because logically, having green
lights being on at the same time for both the east-west and the north-south
directions would cause a very dangerous and unsafe situation. Therefore,
the sequence of traffic lights at an intersection clearly would not be
designed to be unsafe. And, it is this premise that would be the basis for
finding that the sequence of automatic traffic lights at an intersection would
not be designed to be unsafe, but designed and sequenced for protecting
the public, and that the erection of automatic traffic lights at an intersection
to control traffic and pedestrians for all directions of the intersection would
be presumed to be regular and erected to protect the public.
[187] Consequently, one protection for pedestrians or vehicles crossing
Hurontario Street would be the 2.5 second all-red phase of the traffic light
sequence that applies to all directions of the intersection, which would
provide that additional safety factor to protect pedestrians or vehicles
travelling across Hurontario from colliding with vehicles still entering the
intersection on a stale yellow or amber light, by ensuring that pedestrians
and vehicles travelling across Hurontario Street do not begin or enter into
46
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

the intersection until 2.5 seconds have elapsed so the intersection could or
would be likely cleared of vehicles travelling on Hurontario Street.
Moreover, the yellow light phase which proceeds the all-red phase is also
designed to be an earlier level of protection, since s. 144(15) also requires
motorists to stop when facing a yellow or amber light when they can do so
safely, otherwise they are permitted to proceed through the intersection with
caution. Of course, this does not mean that a motorist can speed up to
make the yellow light, as this would not be an act of caution.
[188] As for the duration of the yellow or amber light phase, Joanne Ong had
testified that she had travelled through the intersection previously and said
the yellow or amber light phase is about 4 seconds long, which is typical for
the yellow-light phase.
[189] As such, if Erwin Gadong had entered onto the pedestrian crosswalk on the
northside of the intersection only after Gadong had received the pedestrian
signal to “walk” across Hurontario Street, then logically, the defendant’s
truck would not have crossed the stop line on a yellow or amber light, but
necessarily on a red light, since the sequence of lights would not be so
designed as to place a pedestrian crossing Hurontario Street into the direct
path of a southbound vehicle still crossing the stop line on a yellow or
amber light because of the 2.5 second all-red phase that is designed to
allow vehicles traveling north and south on Hurontario Street to clear the
intersection before vehicles and pedestrians travelling across Hurontario
are allowed to enter the intersection.
[190] Moreover, if the pedestrian light had turned to the “walk” signal before Erwin
Gadong had entered onto the pedestrian crosswalk, where the “walk” signal
would only logically come on after the 2.5 second all-direction red phase
finishes, and where the all-red phase only comes on after the roughly 4-
second amber light phase for southbound Hurontario finishes, plus the time
it would take for the Gadong to begin his movement from a stationary
position from the westside curb and to cross the width of the southbound
curb lane to reach the middle southbound lane, which would be roughly a
second of time, then roughly 3.5 seconds would have to elapse from the
moment the southbound light had turned red until the moment Gadong
would have reached the middle lane.
[191] Hence, if the defendant, as he had testified about, had crossed the stop line
just as the southbound traffic light had changed from green to yellow, and if
Gadong had not entered the pedestrian crosswalk until the pedestrian
“walk” signal had come on permitting Gadong to proceed, the duration of
the traffic light sequences from when the southbound traffic light had first
turned yellow to the moment Gadong had reached the middle lane in the
crosswalk would be approximately 6.5 to 7.5 seconds.
47
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

[192] This relatively long period of 6.5 to 7.5 seconds between the southbound
traffic light turning yellow, when the defendant contends he had crossed the
stop line near the beginning of the yellow phase of the southbound traffic
light, and Gadong reaching the middle lane after only entering the
crosswalk after Gadong had received a “walk” signal, if both scenarios had
actually occurred, would show that these two scenarios could not be true at
the same time, considering that in 6.5 to 7.5 seconds after the defendant’s
truck would have crossed the stop line at the beginning of the yellow phase
would mean that the defendant’s pickup truck would have likely passed
through the width of Bristol Road and be completely past Bristol Road
before Gadong could have even entered onto the crosswalk and reach the
middle southbound lane. Hence, since those two events could not occur at
the same time, then if Gadong had entered onto the pedestrian crosswalk
only after Gadong had received a pedestrian “walk” signal, then logically the
defendant’s truck could not have crossed the stop line on a yellow or amber
light, but only on a red light that had been at least red for 2.5 seconds.
[193] In particular, if the pedestrian signal for Gadong had turned to the “walk”
signal before Gadong had actually begun to cross Hurontario Street, which
only occurs after a 2.5 second all-direction red phase finishes, plus the time
it would take for Gadong to reach the middle southbound lane from the
westside curb after the pedestrian light comes on, then it would be
impossible that the southbound traffic light could have still been yellow for
the defendant when his pickup truck had crossed the stop line.
[194] Moreover, the logical problem or error that results from the defendant’s
effort to move the point at which his pickup truck had crossed the stop line
to an earlier part of a traffic light phase or phases, also undermines the
defendant’s credibility. As such, this scheme being used and employed by
the defendant to place his vehicle at the stop line at an earlier point in the
traffic light phases or sequences in order to avoid liability is also being used
to his detriment, and is what this court coins as the “defence of the different
time zone”.
[195] In addition, the defendant’s testimony is further exacerbated by the
impossibility of the two events at issue occurring at the same time, of the
defendant’s pickup truck crossing the stop line on a yellow light and Erwin
Gadong entering the pedestrian crosswalk only after Gadong had received
a “walk” signal to proceed.
(d) defence of the different time zone
[196] In his defence to the red-light charge, the defendant had testified that when
his pickup truck had crossed the stop line the southbound traffic light had
been just changing from a green light to a yellow light. However, the Crown
contends the traffic light for the defendant when the defendant’s vehicle had
48
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

crossed the stop line had already been showing a red indication. Hence,
the defendant is relying on a defence which this court had coined in R. v.
Lacroix, [2011] O.J. No. 2332 (QL) (O.C.J.), as the “defence of the different
time zone”. In Lacroix, this court held at para. 139, that this defence usually
arises in a “fail to stop for a red light” charge in which the accused proffers
testimony about crossing a stop line or entering the intersection on a traffic
light phase that is earlier than the phase for which the charge is based on
and could affect the accused’s credibility because of the logical error made
by the accused with the resulting location of the accused’s motor vehicle in
relation to the duration of a particular traffic light phase:
As indicated at the outset, this trial highlights the use of the “defence of
the different time zone” by the defendant. This defence usually arises in
”red light – fail to stop” charges, where an accused faces evidence that
tends to show the accused did not stop for a red light or that he
continued through the intersection against a red light. When faced with
this evidence that potentially proves the red light offence, an accused
with concerns about civil law suits, demerit points, or insurance
premiums, will invariably put forth the defence of the different time zone,
in which they usually do not testify about entering the intersection on an
amber light, but instead push the phase or sequence of the traffic light
back to the green light phase, forgetting that the amber light phase
between the green and red phases can last for three to four seconds.
Thus, depending on the reliability or trustworthiness of the prosecution’s
evidence of where that accused’s vehicle was at the time the traffic light
had changed to red, what really undermines an accused’s credibility or
creates an implausible or illogical factual scenario, when an accused
claims to have entered the intersection on a green light where the
evidence otherwise indicates a red light, is that for the green light
assertion to be bona fide then that accused’s vehicle would have to be a
substantial distance away or significantly further along on the other side
of the intersection so that the accused in this scenario would not have
even been in the same intersection when the traffic light changed to red
or that it be possible for any witness to have even seen the accused’s
vehicle at the intersection because the vehicle would have been a block
away when the light turned red. Or, for that matter, for the vehicle to still
be in the same time zone as the other witnesses who were at the
intersection!
[197] And, as I explained in R. v. Lacroix, when an accused, such as the
defendant did in this case, uses the defence of the different time zone as
their defence for failing to stop for a red light that also contradicts the
credible testimony of other witnesses at the intersection, as to the
occurrence of events or positions of witnesses or vehicles, it would then
make the accused’s testimony self-serving and incredible.
(5) Did Anyone See The Defendant’s Pickup Truck Proceed Across
The Stop Line For Southbound Traffic When The Traffic Light Had
Been Yellow For The Defendant?
49
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

[198] As for evidence of the defendant’s pickup truck not having crossed the stop
line on a red light, but on a yellow light, there is the testimony from the
defendant himself and from Edwin Bonilla, who had been a passenger
sitting in the rear passenger seat of the defendant’s pickup truck, that the
defendant’s pickup truck had crossed the stop line or had entered the
intersection on a yellow or amber light, and that the defendant could not
have stopped his pickup truck before the stop line because the traffic light
had changed to yellow when the pickup truck had been too close to the stop
line.
[199] In particular, the defendant had testified that he had crossed the stop line
just as the traffic light had turned to yellow from green. Furthermore, he
also testified the traffic light had been amber for him when he had entered
the intersection and that it had only turned to red after the collision had
occurred. However, Bonilla’s testimony was not about the defendant’s
pickup truck crossing the stop line on a yellow light, but had been about the
defendant’s truck entering the intersection on a yellow light.
[200] In addition, although the defendant’s witness, Joanne Ong, had testified that
she had observed the defendant’s vehicle enter the intersection on an
amber light in examination-in-chief, she was not as certain under cross-
examination and reasoned that the defendant should have entered the
intersection on a red light after four seconds. Moreover, Ong also indicated
on the aerial photograph of the intersection that she believed the
intersection for southbound traffic commenced at the north curb line of the
intersection, which is incorrect, since s. 144(1) of the Highway Traffic Act
specifically states that the intersection includes the pedestrian crosswalk
where there is such a crosswalk and that the defendant by virtue of s.
144(5)(a) is legally required to stop his pickup truck at a stop line, if such a
road marking is present. As indicated earlier, Ong’s observations and
testimony about what colour the traffic light had been when the defendant’s
pickup truck had entered the intersection is not reliable.
[201] In short, Ong’s testimony that the traffic light had been yellow is not reliable
since she had changed her testimony during cross-examination while her
testimony that the light should have been red after 4 seconds is not reliable
since this is not an observation, but an assumption about the colour of the
light.
[202] In addition, Natalie Ianniello had testified that when she had a green light to
cross Hurontario the cars had either a red light or amber light, but that she
had not observed the traffic light for Hurontario Street.
50
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

[203] Therefore, neither of Joanne Ong or Natalie Ianniello’s testimony can be
relied upon to prove the defendant’s pickup truck had crossed the stop line
when the light had been yellow.
[204] Hence, the only evidence that the defendant’s pickup truck had crossed the
stop line on yellow or amber light comes directly from the defendant’s own
testimony.
(6) Did Anyone See The Bicyclist Proceed Onto The Roadway Before
The Pedestrian Signal For The Bicyclist Had Changed To The
“Walking Man” Symbol?
[205] Edwin Bonilla, a witness for the defence, had testified that the bicyclist
should have stopped at the intersection because the bicyclist did not have a
green light. However, Bonilla did not say he had actually observed the light
or signal for the bicyclist and had only assumed it was not green because
he had said the defendant’s pickup truck had entered the intersection while
the traffic light was still yellow.
[206] Most importantly, neither the defendant nor any passenger riding in the
defendant’s pickup truck had said they had actually observed the colour of
the pedestrian signal for the bicyclist before the bicyclist had been seen on
the pedestrian crosswalk.
[207] On the other hand, none of the Crown witnesses had observed Gadong
entering onto the pedestrian crosswalk when Gadong was not lawfully
permitted to do so.
[208] Therefore, the defendant relies on his testimony and that of Edwin Bonilla,
that the defendant’s pickup truck had crossed the stop line or had entered
the intersection while the traffic light was still yellow or amber, to raise the
inference that the bicyclist, Erwin Gadong, had entered onto the crosswalk
or began crossing Hurontario Street at an inappropriate or improper time.
(7) Is There Any Evidence That The Bicyclist Had Only Proceeded
Onto The Roadway After The Pedestrian Signal For The Bicyclist Had
Changed To The “Walking Man” Symbol?
[209] The evidence that the bicyclist, Erwin Gadong, had entered lawfully onto the
pedestrian crosswalk on a green light comes from the Crown witnesses,
Erwin Gadong, Anthony Franceschi, and Elias Hanna.
[210] For this query, Erwin Gadong had testified that he recalls just before waking
up in the hospital that he had entered onto the pedestrian crosswalk to go
eastbound across Hurontario Street when he had observed the pedestrian
signal for him change to the “walking man”. Gadong also had testified that
51
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

when he had first got to the intersection he had looked and observed that
the traffic light for him to cross had been red. When he saw the red light, he
said he then waited. However, he said he does not know for how long he
had waited, but said he had waited for at least a couple of seconds. Then,
when the light changed to the “walking man”, he said he starting riding and
then remembers only waking up in the hospital.
[211] Gadong also testified that he had watched the pedestrian signal and when
he had observed the white “walking man” signal, he began to cross the
road. In addition, he said that when he had first looked at the lights he said
he had to wait for the light to turn green for east and west traffic and then he
had to look for the stop hand to change to the walking man, which is at the
same time as the light on Bristol. He also said that before he had crossed
he had looked at the walking man signal and observed that it was a
“walking man” and that the light for cars for Bristol had been green.
[212] In addition, Anthony Franceschi, who was waiting at the northeast corner of
the intersection to cross Hurontario Street, had testified that Erwin Gadong
had entered onto the pedestrian crosswalk at the same time as he had
proceeded onto the pedestrian crosswalk located on the northside of the
intersection, and that Franceschi did not proceed onto the crosswalk until
he had seen the pedestrian signal change that permitted pedestrians to
cross Hurontario Street.
[213] Franceschi also testified that when Erwin Gadong had entered the
intersection, the pedestrian light for crossing had been green. He also
confirmed under cross-examination that he had been looking forward the
whole time.
[214] As for Elias Hanna’s observations, Hanna had testified he had been driving
the Mississauga Transit bus that had been at the bus stop just north of the
pedestrian crosswalk. He also said people had been unloading and loading
onto his bus when he had observed a kid on his bicycle on the northwest
corner of the intersection waiting for the light. Hanna further said that he
had noticed that the light for Hanna had been red and then said he had
observed the kid’s light turn green. He said the boy on the bicycle then
passed in front of the bus and then Hanna said he observed the vehicle
next to him hit the boy on the bicycle when the boy had gone past the first
right lane.
[215] Moreover, Hanna testified that he had observed the bicyclist waiting at the
northwest corner and that the traffic light for southbound traffic had been
red for about 2 seconds when the defendant’s pickup truck had crossed the
stop line. He also testified that he had observed the truck speeding in an
attempt to pass on a red light that had been red for two to three seconds
when the boy had been hit.
52
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

[216] In addition, Hanna testified that he had observed the light for southbound
traffic and the truck had been red, while the light for the kid had been green.
Hanna also said that when he had observed the boy begin to cross the
intersection, Hanna said he had been looking southbound at the boy.
Moreover, he said that he had noticed the light for southbound traffic had
been red when he opened the door for the bus and that when the kid was
riding his bicycle the light had still been red for southbound traffic.
(8) Credibility Of Crown Witnesses
[217] The Crown’s witnesses, Anthony Franceschi, Natalie Iannello, Karissa
Persaud, Erwin Gadong, Dino DiBernardo, and Elias Hanna, have been
credible; however, any testimony about the colour of a traffic light in which
any of the Crown witnesses had based it on an assumption, but had not
actually observed, will not be relied upon or carry any weight.
(9) Credibility Of Defence Witnesses
(a) the credibility of Joanne Ong
[218] Joanne Ong’s evidence about what the colour of the traffic light had been
when the defendant’s pickup truck had crossed the stop line is not reliable
because of Ong’s changing testimony about the colour of the traffic light.
[219] For her changing testimony, Ong had revised her original answer from the
traffic light being yellow in her testimony-in-chief to the light being red under
cross-examination. In particular, Ong testified during cross-examination
that the light should have been red when the defendant’s truck entered the
intersection because of the duration of 4 seconds.
[220] Furthermore, Ong’s testimony that the traffic light should have been red
when the defendant’s pickup truck entered the intersection also cannot be
relied on as proof the truck had entered the intersection on a red light, since
Ong had said the intersection for southbound traffic begins at the north curb
line of Bristol Road, although the term intersection under s. 144(1) includes
the pedestrian crosswalk and that the defendant had been legally required
under s. 144(5)(a) to stop the pickup truck at the stop line which is located
north of the crosswalk, and Ong did not actually testify to observing the
defendant’s pickup truck north of the stop line when the northbound and
southbound traffic lights had been red.
[221] Similarly, Ong’s testimony that the defendant’s truck had entered the
intersection on a yellow or amber traffic light also cannot be relied on, since
Ong has changed her answer about the colour of the traffic light from yellow
53
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

in her testimony-in-chief to being red in her testimony during cross-
examination.
(b) the credibility of Edwin Bonilla
[222] Edwin Bonilla had testified that the southbound traffic light had been yellow
when the defendant’s truck had entered the intersection and that it had still
had been yellow when the collision suddenly occurred, and that it had been
yellow all along. He also testified that the traffic light had become red when
they had passed the intersection, but that he did not actually see the light
turn red. In addition, he testified that the defendant did not stop at the
intersection because they had been close to the intersection when the light
was yellow. Furthermore, he testified that he had been sitting in the middle
of the rear seat and that his view had not been obstructed by any objects on
the dashboard or windshield, since the windshield was large.
[223] With respect to Bonilla’s testimony, the Crown contends that Bonilla had a
motive to fabricate and that Bonilla’s testimony is not credible as it
contradicts the defendant’s testimony on several relevant issues, especially
in regards to Bonilla’s seating arrangement and their working relationship.
[224] In regards to Bonilla’s motive to fabricate, the Crown suggests that the
relationship between the defendant and Bonilla is the basis for this motive.
I find the Crown’s suggestion to have merit even though the defendant had
testified that Bonilla did not have to come work with him and that the
defendant does not associate with Bonilla anymore. However, the
defendant also testified that he had helped out Bonilla with clothing and
food, that they were friends, and that he had also helped out Bonilla in
getting a job at the same company where the defendant is employed. As
such, it would not be unreasonable to conclude that Bonilla would have had
the motive to fabricate.
[225] In addition, the reliability of Bonilla’s observation about the defendant’s
pickup truck entering the intersection on a yellow or amber light is also at
issue, considering that when Bonilla had been questioned about where he
believed the intersection commenced for southbound traffic on Hurontario
Street, he drew a blue line that was in line with the north curb line of the
intersection on a sketch entered as Exhibit “9” to represent the
intersection’s starting point. His original markings on Exhibit “8” were
disregarded and redone on a second sketch due to the confusion over the
lines that had already been placed on a sketch prepared by the defendant’s
legal representative in Exhibit “8”. As earlier indicated, because there is a
pedestrian crosswalk painted on the roadway, then s. 144(1) defines the
intersection to include the pedestrian crosswalk and that the defendant had
also been required to stop his pickup truck at the stop line that is located
just north of the pedestrian crosswalk.
54
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

[226] Moreover, if the defendant’s pickup truck had actually entered the
intersection when the defendant’s pickup truck had crossed the north curb
line of Bristol Road on a yellow or amber light, then since the north curb line
is south of the stop line and the north boundary line of the pedestrian
crosswalk, Bonilla’s testimony about the pickup truck entering the
intersection on a yellow or amber light would still show the pickup truck had
crossed the stop line or north boundary of the pedestrian crosswalk on a
yellow or amber light as it would take only a moment longer for the pickup
truck to pass both the stop line and the north boundary of the pedestrian
crosswalk and the north curb line of Bristol Road. So, it the traffic light was
yellow or amber when the pickup truck crossed the north curb line of Bristol
Road, which is where Bonilla believes the intersection commences, then the
traffic light would have been also a yellow or amber light when the pickup
truck had crossed at either the stop line or the northern boundary of the
pedestrian crosswalk, which is only a moment earlier than the point where
the pickup truck would have crossed the north curb line of Bristol Road.
[227] However, it should also be noted that Bonilla had not been questioned
about where the defendant’s truck had to stop if he had been facing a red
light, and only questioned about where he believed the intersection
commenced, since he had testified that the defendant’s pickup truck had
entered the intersection on a yellow or amber light.
[228] Ergo, Bonilla’s testimony about the defendant’s pickup truck entering the
intersection on a yellow light will have to be assessed for its reliability and
credibility considering Bonilla’s testimony has contradicted the defendant’s
testimony on relevant issues. The contradictory testimony relates to where
Bonilla had been seated in the backseat; whether Bonilla worked for the
defendant in his lawn cutting business or whether he just simply was there
helping out the defendant as a friend; and, whether the vehicle driving
alongside and near the defendant’s trailer had stopped or had gone through
the intersection.
[229] In regards to where Bonilla had been seated, Bonilla testified that he had
been seated in the back seat, but right in the middle, and that he could see
clearly from that position. Furthermore, Bonilla testified that he does not
normally sit in the middle in the backseat, but had explained that he had
moved to the middle so that he could talk to his friend, Carlos Manzanares,
sitting in the front seat. He also testified that he was a rear-seat passenger
in the defendant’s pickup truck and that he had a clear view of the traffic
light through the front windshield.
[230] However, Bonilla’s testimony about where he was seated in the rear seat
contradicts the testimony of the defendant. The defendant had explained,
when the defendant had been challenged during cross-examination about
55
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

where Bonilla had been seated, since the defendant had originally said in
his statement to the police officer on the day of the collision that Bonilla had
been seated in the passenger-side rear seat and not in the middle rear seat,
that Bonilla had been actually seated in the rear passenger-side seat and
not in the middle seat, and that Bonilla had actually moved only his upper
body and head to the middle of the back seat so that Bonilla’s head would
be position in the middle so that Bonilla could converse in Spanish with the
person sitting in the front passenger-side seat.
[231] I find that this contradiction about where Bonilla had been seated in the rear
seat undermines both Bonilla and the defendant’s credibility. In addition, I
find that both of their efforts in trying to put Bonilla’s head in the middle of
the seats so as to have a clear view of the intersection through the front
windshield is a contrived effort by both of them to place Bonilla in the right
position in the defendant’s truck to have a proper view for confirming the
defendant’s contention about crossing the stop line on a yellow light.
[232] Furthermore, in regards to the contradiction upon whether Bonilla had
actually worked for the defendant in the defendant’s lawn cutting business,
Bonilla gave the impression in his testimony that he had worked for the
defendant when he was called by the defendant to work, while the
defendant testified that Bonilla was not required to go out with him on jobs,
but only did so as a friend. Although this is not a contradiction related to
circumstances surrounding or relevant to the collision, it does show that the
defendant is trying to downplay the issue of being an employer to Bonilla
that may have some relation to employee deductions or to workers safety
legislation. This effort by the defendant to minimize their working
relationship also affects the defendant’s credibility since the defendant is
not completely being straightforward.
[233] Finally, for the contradiction about the vehicle that had been travelling
alongside and near the defendant’s trailer not stopping, but going through
the intersection, Bonilla had testified there had been a vehicle alongside
them, which had been travelling near where the trailer that the defendant’s
truck was pulling, that had stopped while they had gone through the
intersection. On the other hand, the defendant in his testimony about the
same vehicle that had been beside them had said the vehicle to his left had
also swerved and had laid on the horn, and then that vehicle had zoomed
right through on the amber light, which contradicts what Bonilla had said
about this particular vehicle having stopped.
[234] Specifically, Bonilla had explained how he had looked at the traffic light,
then turned his head, and then saw the bicyclist. He also said that when
the accident happened the light had been yellow and that the defendant
had tried to avoid the bicyclist, but had hit the bicyclist. In addition, he said
he had quickly glanced at the traffic light, and then looked to the side, and
56
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

then they drove through. In addition, he said the other vehicle alongside
them had been travelling near where the trailer had been. He also said the
other vehicle had stopped while they had gone through the intersection.
[235] Moreover, in order for Bonilla to see the vehicle that was travelling
alongside the defendant’s vehicle near the trailer would have required
Bonilla turning his head to the side and looking east to northeast to see that
other vehicle. Considering that Bonilla had said that everything had
happened so quickly, it appears improbable that Bonilla could look at the
traffic light, see the bicyclist suddenly appear in front of the defendant’s
truck, tell the defendant to look out for the bicyclist, observe the defendant
swerve to the left and then move to the right and then observe the truck’s
mirror collide with the bicyclist, then look east to northeast to see the vehicle
alongside near the trailer being pulled behind the defendant’s truck, and
then see that other vehicle stop as the defendant’s truck continued through
the intersection. Hence, based on where Bonilla said the other vehicle had
been located near where the trailer was would make it improbable for
Bonilla to observe that other vehicle come to a stop when Bonilla said he
was looking forward and observing the traffic light and the bicyclist collide
with the truck’s passenger-side mirror.
[236] Furthermore, none of the Crown witnesses had observed there being
another vehicle travelling through the intersection when the defendant’s
pickup truck had gone through the intersection.
[237] This contradiction about whether this other vehicle stopped or zoomed
through the intersection, or whether it actually existed, also undermines
both the defendant and Bonilla’s credibility.
[238] In addition, the credible testimony from Anthony Franceschi, Elias Hanna,
and Erwin Gadong that Gadong did not enter the pedestrian crosswalk until
Gadong had a “walk” signal, and the testimony of Dino DiBernardo which
circumstantially confirms that the defendant’s truck could not have crossed
the stop line on an amber light, but only on a red light, makes Bonilla’s
evidence about the defendant’s pickup truck entering the intersection on a
yellow or amber light an improbable event.
[239] Accordingly, based on the contradictions between the defendant and Edwin
Bonilla and the questionable ability of Bonilla being able to properly observe
the vehicle alongside the defendant’s trailer come to stop and the
improbability of both the defendant and Bonilla’s testimony about observing
the defendant’s pickup truck entering the intersection on a yellow or amber
light, in light of the credible evidence that proves Erwin Gadong did not
enter onto the pedestrian crosswalk until Gadong’s pedestrian signal had
been a “walk” signal, means that the defendant’s pickup truck could have
57
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

only crossed the stop line on a stale red light that had already been red for
about 2.5 to 3.5 seconds.
(c) the credibility of the defendant
[240] It is evident that the testimony from the defendant that his pickup truck had
crossed the stop line after the traffic light had just changed from green to
yellow is self-serving and not credible. Much of the defendant’s lack of
credibility is based on the contradictory testimony between the defendant
and Edwin Bonilla, who had been a passenger sitting in the rear seat of the
defendant’s pickup truck.
[241] To reiterate, there is the contradictory testimony about where Bonilla had
been seated in the backseat. Bonilla had testified that he was sitting in the
middle of the rear seat where he does not normally sit. On the date of the
collision, the defendant had voluntarily told a female police officer that
Bonilla had been sitting in the rear passenger seat, and when questioned
about the difference with Bonilla’s testimony about Bonilla’s seating position
in the rear seat with the defendant’s statement on the day of the collision,
the defendant had explained that Bonilla was sitting in the rear passenger
seat, but had been slouched forward with Bonilla’s head in the middle so
that Bonilla could converse with Carlos Manzanares who was sitting in the
front passenger seat. However, the defendant’s explanation does not
adequately explain away the contradiction that Bonilla had testified he was
sitting in the middle of the rear seat, a place that he normally does not sit.
[242] Furthermore, Bonilla had said that he had been seated in the back seat, but
right in the middle, and could see clearly from that position. Furthermore,
Bonilla had said he does not normally sit in the middle in the backseat, but
explained that he had moved to the middle so that he could talk to his friend
sitting in the front seat.
[243] In another contradiction, the defendant had testified that the vehicle
travelling alongside his vehicle to the defendant’s left had zoomed through
the intersection, while Bonilla had testified that vehicle had come to a stop.
Moreover, Elias Hanna, who gave credible testimony, had testified that it
had only been the defendant’s truck that had tried to pass through the red
light.
[244] In addition, there is also conflicting testimony between the defendant and
Bonilla about the working relationship between the defendant and Bonilla.
Bonilla had testified about working for the defendant while the defendant in
his testimony had portrayed Bonilla, not as an employee, but someone who
just voluntarily accompanied the defendant on jobs for the defendant’s lawn
cutting business, to simply help out the defendant.
58
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102

[245] Moreover, the contention by the defendant that his pickup truck had crossed
the stop line on a yellow light contradicts the credible testimony from
Anthony Franceschi, Elias Hanna, and Erwin Gadong that Gadong did not
enter the pedestrian crosswalk until Gadong had a “walk” signal, as well as
the credible testimony from Dino DiBernardo, which circumstantially
confirms that the defendant’s truck could not have crossed the stop line on
an amber light, but only on a red light, which would also render the
defendant’s testimony that the defendant’s pickup truck had crossed the
stop line on a yellow or amber light an improbable event.
(10) Conclusion
[246] I find that Erwin Gadong had only entered onto the pedestrian crosswalk
after Gadong’s pedestrian signal had changed to a “walk” signal. Moreover,
I find that the defendant’s pickup truck did not cross the stop line when the
traffic light for southbound traffic had been yellow or amber, but that it had
crossed the stop line when the traffic light had already been red for about
2.5 to 3.5 seconds.
[247] In addition, I find that neither the defendant nor Edwin Bonilla have given
reliable or credible testimony about what colour the traffic light had been
when the defendant’s pickup truck had crossed the stop line.
[248] Consequently, based on the incredible and self-serving nature of the
defendant’s testimony and the virtual impossibility of the defendant’s pickup
truck crossing the stop line just as the traffic light was changing from a
green light to a yellow light, I am not left with reasonable doubt by any of the
defendant’s testimony. Furthermore, after considering all the evidence, I
am convinced beyond a reasonable doubt that the defendant had crossed
the stop line for southbound traffic after the traffic light for southbound traffic
had been red, and therefore, find beyond a reasonable doubt that the
defendant had failed to stop for a red light at the intersection in question.
7. DISPOSITION
[249] Accordingly, based on the totality of the evidence, I find that the Crown has
met their burden of proving beyond a reasonable doubt that the defendant,
Benito Scetto, has committed the offence of “red light – fail to stop”,
contrary to s. 144(18) of the Highway Traffic Act, R.S.O 1990, c. H.8.
Therefore, a conviction will be entered against the defendant, Benito Scetto.
Dated at the City of Brampton on May 3, 2013.
____________________________
QUON J.P.
Ontario Court of Justice
59
)IILnaC(
632
JCNO
3102
