Citation: R. v. Lacroix, 2011 ONCJ 270
IN THE MATTER OF
the Highway Traffic Act, R.S.O. 1990, c. H.8
Between
Her Majesty The Queen
prosecutor
and
Brian W. Lacroix
defendant
Ontario Court of Justice
Brampton, Ontario
Quon J. P.
Reasons for Judgment
Charge: s. 144(18) H.T.A. – “red light – fail to stop”.
Trial held: February 23, 2011.
Judgment rendered: May 20, 2011.
Counsel:
C. Vanderbroek, assistant Crown attorney
S. Carlstrom, counsel for the defendant
)IILnaC(
072
JCNO
1102

Cases Considered or Referred To:
R. v. Kurtzman, [1991] O.J. No. 1285 (QL), 4 O.R. (3d) 417 (O.C.A.), per Tarnopolsky, Griffiths and
Doherty JJ.A.
R. v. W. (D.), [1994] 3 S.C.R. 521, S.C.J. No. 91 (QL) (S.C.C.).
Statutes, Regulations and Rules Cited:
Highway Traffic Act, R.S.O. 1990, c. H.8, ss. 1(1), 144(1), 144(5), 144(5)(a), 144(5)(c), 144(12), 144(13),
144(14), 144(15),144(18), 144(31.2).
Provincial Offences Act, R.S.O. 1990, c. P.33, ss. 33, 34, 34(3), 34(4), 35, 36, 36(2).
Reference Material Cited:
A.W. Bryant, S.N. Lederman & M.K. Fuerst, Sopinka, Lederman & Bryant: The Law of Evidence in
Canada, 3rd ed. (Markham, Ontario: LexisNexis Canada Inc., 2009).
P. Healy, Credibility and the Presumption of Innocence, (2007) 11 Can. Crim. L.R. 217.
Exhibits entered:
Exhibit "1" - Photograph with bird’s eye view of the intersection of Britannia Road West and Erin Mills
Parkway, in the City of Mississauga, taken in the Spring of 2009 and numbered Occ# 2009-
210202, in which Crown witness Jose Pacheco drew a blue rectangle and printed his
initials below the rectangle to indicate the location of where the truck he had been driving
was situated on northbound Erin Mills Parkway on November 14, 2009, and a blue triangle
for the location of where he had observed a silver/grey car hit two young girls on Britannia
Road West. Pacheco also marked with an arrow the direction the silver/grey car had been
travelling on Britannia Road West.
Exhibit "2" - Photograph with bird’s eye view of the intersection of Britannia Road West and Erin Mills
Parkway, in the City of Mississauga, taken in the Spring of 2009 and numbered Occ# 2009-
210202, in which Crown witness, Raffaele Staffiere, marked with the initials, “R.S.”, to
indicate the location of where his vehicle had been situated on eastbound Britannia Road
West on November 14, 2009.
Exhibit "3" - Photograph with bird’s eye view of the intersection of Britannia Road West and Erin Mills
Parkway, in the City of Mississauga, taken in the Spring of 2009 and numbered Occ# 2009-
210202, in which Crown witness, David Milloy drew a blue rectangle to indicate the location
of where the vehicle in which he was a passenger had been situated on northbound Erin
Mills Parkway in the dedicated right-turn lane for eastbound Britannia Road West on
November 14, 2009, and a blue triangle to indicate the location of where he had observed
a silver car hit two young girls on Britannia Road West. Milloy also drew an arc to
represent the direction in which the silver car had been travelling and a box to indicate the
silver car.
Exhibit "4" - Copy of the three-page statement of the defendant, Brian Lacroix, made on November 14,
2009, and given to Officer Bruno Pupo.
i
)IILnaC(
072
JCNO
1102

Exhibit "5" - Photograph with bird’s eye view of the intersection of Britannia Road West and Erin Mills
Parkway, in the City of Mississauga, taken in the Spring of 2009 and numbered Occ# 2009-
210202, in which defence witness, William Wallace drew an “X” to indicate the location of
where the vehicle he had been driving had been situated in the southbound left-turn lane
on Erin Mills Parkway on November 14, 2009, when he observed a body in the air.
Exhibit "6" - A page of two separate photographs taken on November 14, 2009. The top photograph
shows the defendant’s silver-coloured Chrysler Intrepid and William Wallace’s white van
stopped on Britannia Road West, east of Erin Mills Parkway, in the City of Brampton. The
bottom photograph also shows the defendant’s silver-coloured Chrysler Intrepid and
William Wallace’s white van stopped on Britannia Road West, east of Erin Mills Parkway, in
the City of Brampton.
Exhibit "7" - A page of two separate photographs taken on November 14, 2009. The top photograph
shows the defendant’s silver-coloured Chrysler Intrepid and William Wallace’s white van
stopped on Britannia Road West, east of Erin Mills Parkway, in the City of Brampton. The
bottom photograph also shows the defendant’s silver-coloured Chrysler Intrepid and
William Wallace’s white van stopped on Britannia Road West, east of Erin Mills Parkway, in
the City of Brampton.
Exhibit "8" - Photograph with bird’s eye view of the intersection of Britannia Road West and Erin Mills
Parkway, in the City of Mississauga, taken in the Spring of 2009 and numbered Occ# 2009-
210202, in which the defendant, Brian Lacroix, drew a box to indicate the location of where
the vehicle he had been driving had been situated on eastbound Britannia Road West on
November 14, 2009, and an “X” to indicate the location of where his vehicle had been when
he had first observed the two young girls on Britannia Road West.
ii
)IILnaC(
072
JCNO
1102

1. INTRODUCTION
[1] This trial of a “red light – fail to stop” charge highlights the defendant’s use
of the classically flawed defence that can be aptly coined as the “defence of
the different time zone”, which, when typically employed by an accused
motorist for this specific type of charge, usually creates an implausible and
illogical factual scenario, as well as undermining that particular motorist’s
credibility overall. This trial also involves a collision between the
defendant’s motor vehicle and two young girls who were walking on the
roadway and who were later observed flying in the air from that collision. It
also entails the observations and recollections of four independent
witnesses, who were situated on different sides of the intersection and who
had different but not necessarily irreconcilable accounts of the events
leading up to the collision. However, the defendant contends that the
Crown has not proven he committed the red light offence beyond a
reasonable doubt because these four witnesses had given different, error-
filled, and inconsistent testimony, which when considered with all the
evidence has provided that reasonable doubt.
[2] For this traffic charge, the Crown contends that on November 14, 2009, at
approximately 3:26 p.m., the defendant, Brian Lacroix, had been driving a
silver-coloured Chrysler Intrepid motor vehicle that had proceeded through
the intersection of Britannia Road West and Erin Mills Parkway in the City of
Mississauga without stopping for the red traffic light he had been facing.
Furthermore, as a consequence of proceeding through the intersection, the
defendant’s motor vehicle struck two young girls who were on the roadway
on the other side of the intersection.
[3] After an investigation had been conducted by police officers from the Major
Collision Bureau of the Peel Regional Police, the defendant was charged
with the offence of “red light – fail to stop”, contrary to s. 144(18) of the
Highway Traffic Act, R.S.O. 1990, c. H.8.
[4] The trial of this charge was held on February 23, 2011. At the trial, four
witnesses testified for the Crown while two witnesses testified for the
defence. After closing arguments were concluded, I reserved judgment and
adjourned the matter until May 20, 2011, to render my judgment. These,
therefore, are my written reasons for judgment.
2. THE CHARGE
[5] The defendant in this proceeding has been charged under a Part III
information sworn on February 10, 2010, with committing the offence of “red
light – fail to stop”, contrary to s. 144(18) of the Highway Traffic Act, R.S.O.
1990, c. H.8. The charge states that:
1
)IILnaC(
072
JCNO
1102

Brian W. Lacroix of [removed to protect privacy],
Mississauga Ontario
on or about the 14th day of November, 2009, at the City of
Mississauga in the Central West Region did commit the offence of:
at approximately 3:26 p.m., being the driver of a motor vehicle on
Britannia Road, license number [removed to protect privacy], and
approaching the intersection where a red signal was showing and
facing such light at Britannia Road and Erin Mills Parkway, did fail
to bring the said motor vehicle to a full stop, contrary to the
Highway Traffic Act, section 144(18).
3. FACTUAL BACKGROUND
(a) SUMMARY OF EVENTS
[6] On the afternoon of November 14, 2009, at about 3:26 p.m., Brian Lacroix,
the defendant, had been driving his silver-coloured 2002 Chrysler Intrepid
motor vehicle eastbound on Britannia Road West approaching Erin Mills
Parkway in the City of Mississauga, travelling in the through lane that is
immediately adjacent to the centre median which separates eastbound and
westbound traffic. The defendant also said he had been proceeding at a
speed between 60 to 70 k.p.h. when he entered and went through the
intersection at Britannia Road West and Erin Mills Parkway. The
defendant’s vehicle then collided with two young girls who were pedestrians
on the eastside of the intersection. After the collision, the older of the two
girls was observed lying on the road in an unconscious state.
[7] Also, just before the collision, the two young girls had been observed
walking southbound on the eastside of the intersection just east of the
eastside crosswalk, near the centre median that separates eastbound and
westbound traffic on Britannia Road West. The girls were on the roadway
when they were struck, but were not observed to be in the crosswalk at the
moment of the collision.
[8] Moreover, the collision had occurred on the eastside of the intersection in
the eastbound lanes of Britannia Road West, just east of the pedestrian
crosswalk that is located on the eastside of the intersection.
[9] In addition, there were four independent witnesses, who testified at the trial,
that were at the intersection at the time of the collision. One witness had
been driving a motor vehicle eastbound on Britannia Road West; another
had been driving a truck that had been stopped for a red light heading
northbound on Erin Mills Parkway; another had been southbound on Erin
Mills Parkway in the designated left-turn lane and stopped for a red light;
2
)IILnaC(
072
JCNO
1102

and another had been a passenger in a motor vehicle heading northbound
on Erin Mills Parkway in the designated right-turn lane. Two of the four
witnesses only observed the two girls up in the air and did not actually see
the collision while the two other witnesses did observe a silver or grey-
coloured motor vehicle strike the two girls. One witness also observed that
the two girls had not been in the crosswalk when the defendant’s vehicle
struck them. However, two of these four witnesses were able to identify the
defendant as the driver of that silver or grey-coloured vehicle, which had
struck the two girls.
[10] After the collision, people at the scene immediately called the 9-1-1
operator for emergency assistance. Shortly afterwards, Region of Peel
police officers and emergency personnel arrived and attended to the girls.
The police also cordoned off the area and began an investigation. The girls
were then taken by ambulance to the hospital.
[11] After the police had interviewed witnesses and the defendant, and after
completing their investigation of the collision, they decided to charge the
defendant with committing the offence of “red light – fail to stop”, contrary to
s. 144(18) of the Highway Traffic Act.
[12] A Part III information was then sworn on February 10, 2010, and the
defendant was served with a summons informing him of the charge and of
the date, location, and time of his first appearance in court, which was to be
on March 25, 2010, at the Brampton Provincial Offences Courthouse.
[13] Eventually, the trial of this charge commenced on February 23, 2011. At
the trial, six witnesses testified. They are, in the order that they testified: (1)
Jose Pacheco, a witness who had been driving a truck northbound on Erin
Mills Parkway that had been stopped first in line for a red light at the
intersection, at the time of the collision; (2) Raffaele Staffiere, a witness
who had been driving eastbound on Britannia Road West and who had
been in the process of stopping for a red light at the intersection, at the time
of the collision; (3) David Milloy, who was a passenger in a motor vehicle
that had been northbound on Erin Mills Parkway in the designated right-turn
lane and that had been stopped first in line waiting to make a right turn at
the intersection, at the time of the collision; (4) Officer Bruno Pupo, a
police officer from the Major Collision Bureau of the Peel Regional Police,
who took a statement from the defendant at the scene of the accident; (5)
William Wallace, a witness who had been driving a motor vehicle
southbound on Erin Mills Parkway and either had been stopped at the
intersection in the designated left-turn lane or had already entered the
intersection at the time of the collision; and (6) Brian W. Lacroix, the
defendant.
3
)IILnaC(
072
JCNO
1102

[14] At the onset of the trial, the defendant made a motion to quash the
information, arguing that it was insufficient since it did not state the correct
name of the road where the collision had occurred. The defendant also
argued that the Crown had an obligation to get it right and that the correct
name could have been easily found. However, I reserved ruling on that
motion, since s. 34 of the Provincial Offences Act, R.S.O. 1990, c. P.33,
which governs this proceeding, permits an information to be amended at
any point in the proceeding if the amendment overcomes the prejudice and
injustice hurdles and the proposed amendment coincides with evidence
given in the trial. In response to the defendant’s motion to quash the
information, the Crown made a motion to amend the information, to add the
word, “West”, after “Britannia Road”, to correct the name of the road where
the offence had occurred and argued the proposed amendment would not
prejudice the defendant as he would not be confused by just adding the
word, “West”, to the name of the road already in the information, but that it
would be unjust to dismiss the case for the simple error of leaving out that
one word in the charge. The ruling on the motion to amend was also
reserved and will be dealt with in these written reasons.
(b) DESCRIPTION OF THE INTERSECTION
[15] The intersection of Britannia Road West and Erin Mills Parkway is located in
the City of Mississauga. It is also described as a large and busy
intersection that is controlled by automatic traffic lights. The automatic
traffic lights had been operating normally on November 14, 2009. And, for
the purposes of this proceeding, Britannia Road West will be referred to as
a west-east road while Erin Mills Parkway will be referred to as a north-
south road.
[16] In addition, there is a centre median on both sides of the intersection that
separates eastbound and westbound traffic on Britannia Road West and a
centre median on both sides of the intersection that separates northbound
and southbound traffic on Erin Mills Parkway.
[17] For the eastbound portion (or southern portion) of Britannia Road West, on
the westside of the intersection, there are five lanes, in which the three
centre lanes are through lanes, the most northerly lane is a designated left-
turn lane, and the most southerly lane is a designated right-turn lane. For
the eastside of the intersection, the eastbound portion of Britannia Road
West is comprised of two lanes.
[18] In addition, for the westbound portion (or northern portion) of Britannia Road
West there are three lanes on the westside of the intersection while on the
eastside of the intersection there are five lanes, in which the three centre
lanes are through lanes, the most northerly lane is a designated right-turn
lane, and the most southerly lane is a designated left-turn lane.
4
)IILnaC(
072
JCNO
1102

[19] Furthermore, for the northbound portion (or eastern portion) of Erin Mills
Parkway, on the southside of the intersection there are five lanes, in which
the three centre lanes are through lanes, the most westerly lane is a
designated left-turn lane, and the most easterly lane is a designated right-
turn lane. On the northside of the intersection, the northbound portion of
Erin Mills Parkway is comprised of three lanes.
[20] Also, for the southbound portion (or western portion) of Erin Mills Parkway,
on the northside of the intersection there are five lanes, in which the three
centre lanes are through lanes, the most westerly lane is a designated right-
turn lane, and the most easterly lane is a designated left-turn lane. On the
southside of the intersection, the southbound portion of Erin Mills Parkway
is comprised of three lanes.
[21] There are also pedestrian crosswalks marked and painted on the road
surface on each side of the intersection as well as white stop lines that are
painted on the road surface for each direction of traffic.
[22] Also, for motorists using the designated left-turn lane for southbound Erin
Mills Parkway there is an advanced green-arrow indication that permits
motorists to make a protected or advanced left turn to go eastbound on
Britannia Road West.
[23] In addition, there is a two-second all red phase for the traffic lights at the
intersection, which means that when a traffic light at the intersection
changes to show a red light then there is a red light in all directions of traffic
for a duration of two seconds. Furthermore, there are protected or
advanced left-turn arrows or signals for all directions of the intersection.
(c) SUMMARY OF TESTIMONY
[24] The following is a summary of the testimony given by the six witnesses who
testified in the trial:
(1) JOSE PACHECO, a witness who had been driving a truck
northbound on Erin Mills Parkway that was stopped first in line
for a red light at the intersection at the time of the collision
[25] Jose Pacheco testified he works as a truck driver and had been driving a
truck on November 14, 2009, which he further described as a tractor-trailer
with a float trailer that is used for carrying construction equipment. In
addition, he said he had been driving northbound on Erin Mills Parkway in
the City of Mississauga when he had to stop for a red traffic light located at
the intersection of Erin Mills Parkway and Britannia Road.
5
)IILnaC(
072
JCNO
1102

[26] Pacheco also said he had been first in line in the right lane and completely
stopped. While he had been waiting for his traffic light to turn green, he
said he witnessed a motor vehicle that was eastbound on Britannia Road
enter the “intersection” on a red light and hit two young girls. He also said
he thinks the vehicle was a silver or grey colour. And, although he said the
event had occurred almost two years ago, he said he would not forget that
day.
[27] In addition, on a birds-eye view or aerial photograph of the intersection
(Exhibit #1), Pacheco drew a blue rectangle in the right northbound lane of
Erin Mills Parkway just behind the stop line on the southside of the
intersection to indicate where his vehicle had been stopped at the time he
had observed the girls being struck. He also printed his initials, “J.P.”,
below the blue rectangle to identify it as his truck. In addition, he drew a
triangle to indicate the spot where he had observed the girls being hit by the
silver or grey-coloured car that he said had not stopped for the red light. He
placed the triangle in the eastbound lane of Britannia Road West just east
of Erin Mills Parkway and just south of the centre median. He also drew an
“arrow” in the intersection pointing eastbound to indicate the direction he
had observed the silver/grey car travelling on Britannia Road.
[28] In addition, Pacheco said that from his truck his view had been good. He
also said the driving conditions for that day were dry.
[29] After the collision, Pacheco said he got out of his truck and went to the girls.
He said the older girl, who was 15 years old, was unconscious and the
younger one, who was 12 or 13 years old, was on the boulevard on the
median. In addition, he said he had observed the driver of the car that hit
the girls get out and check on the girls by looking over at the girls. He also
described the driver as an older man with grey hair. He then pointed out
the defendant in the courtroom as the driver of that car.
[30] Furthermore, Pacheco said that he and the defendant did not speak to each
other. He also said that the driver of the silver car was still there when the
police arrived and that the police did speak to the driver of that silver car.
[31] Pacheco also said he had given a statement to the police.
[32] In addition, Pacheco said there were other people there as well and that he
also observed people coming out of their cars. He further said that he and
another man were the first out to check on the girls. Moreover, he said he
thinks the other man had been beside him making a right turn.
[33] Furthermore, Pacheco said the accident happened at approximately noon
to 1:00 o’clock, when he had finished work and was heading back to the
yard. Furthermore, he said it had been light out. He further commented
6
)IILnaC(
072
JCNO
1102

that on the day before the accident he had worked from six to five o’clock.
And, on the night before the accident he said he had gone home, showered,
ate, and then slept.
[34] Also, Pacheco said he is familiar with the intersection of Erin Mills Parkway
and Britannia Road.
[35] Moreover, when he had been waiting for his traffic light to turn green,
Pacheco said he had looked to his left to look at the other light and had
observed it go from yellow to a red light. He said he then began to
disengage his clutch so he would be ready to go forward. He also said that
when those lights had turned to yellow he had noticed that people had
started to stop. And, then when those lights had turned red, he said
everyone had stopped. However, he did see a couple of cars go through
the amber or yellow light. He also had acknowledged that if a person could
not stop safely then it would be all right to proceed through the intersection
on an amber light.
[36] Pacheco also said the amber or yellow lights he observed had a duration of
three or four seconds and then said he observed these lights for east and
westbound traffic turn to red.
[37] In addition, Pacheco said he had held his truck with his clutch, getting ready
to go forward. He also said that before he moved forward he had observed
the car a couple of seconds after the light had turned red, but had not yet
seen his own light turn to green.
[38] Furthermore, Pacheco said he had first observed the grey car approaching
before it had reached the intersection. In particular, he said that he had first
observed the grey car going east on Britannia when the light had been
turning yellow. He also said he had observed the grey car when he had
noticed that light turning to yellow since he had been looking in that light’s
direction. Furthermore, he said he had been sitting at the intersection when
that light had turned to yellow and then to red, and then he said he had tried
to judge when his own light would turn to green. He also said he had been
stopped there and had a view of everything.
[39] Pacheco also said that because the event had happened almost two years
ago, he thinks the car he had observed go through the red light had been a
silver or grey-coloured car. However, he said he would not forget that day.
[40] Moreover, Pacheco said his own light had not turned to green prior to him
observing the silver car go through. In addition, when asked whether
anyone had the right of way when he observed the grey car, he responded
that everyone should have been stopped. He also said the traffic lights had
been in an “all red” phase, when he observed the grey car “go through”.
7
)IILnaC(
072
JCNO
1102

[41] In addition, Pacheco said that Britannia Road eastbound has five lanes,
which included both a designated left and right-turn lane. Of those five
lanes, he said three of those eastbound lanes were through lanes. He also
said the number of lanes northbound on Erin Mills Parkway were the same.
[42] Furthermore, Pacheco said he did not hear the screeching of tires from the
grey car. In fact, he said he had actually observed the grey car braking and
going to stop, but then it accelerated as it went through the light, and it had
been that particular action, which had been what had caught his attention.
He also said he had been watching that particular driver and had been kind
of cursing him because in his opinion the driver of that grey car had ample
time to stop. Moreover, he had acknowledged that in his own life he had
gone through amber lights.
(2) Raffaele Staffiere, a witness who had been driving eastbound
on Britannia Road West and who had been stopping for a red
light at the intersection at the time of the collision
[43] Raffaele Staffiere testified he is 45 years old and a security contractor that
includes being involved in building courthouses. He also said he has been
driving in Ontario since he was 16 years old and is familiar with the colours
of traffic lights.
[44] On November 14, 2009, Staffiere said he had been driving a 2007 white-
coloured Cadillac Escalade.
[45] Also, Staffiere indicated on a birds-eye view or aerial photograph of the
intersection (Exhibit # 2) that he had been travelling eastbound on Britannia
Road and had slowed down as he approached Erin Mills Parkway. He also
indicated on the photograph that his vehicle had been in the right lane
approaching the intersection, which he had marked with his initials, “R.S.” to
indicate the location of his vehicle.
[46] In addition, Staffiere said the light for him had been red. He also said he
had observed the light for him being green as he approached the
intersection, then saw it turn yellow, and then turn to red. When the light
turned red, he said he had been about 15 to 20 feet from the crosswalk.
However, he could not say how far back he had been when the light had
turned amber. He also said the amber light had lasted for two or three
seconds and that the light had been green prior to it turning amber.
However, he could not testify as to his speed because he had not looked
down at his speedometer. He also said his Escalade vehicle is an
automatic.
8
)IILnaC(
072
JCNO
1102

[47] At approximately 10 feet from the intersection, Staffiere said he had looked
up and had observed two girls fly into the air. He said he then noticed a
vehicle and one girl ten feet up, while the other one had not been as high.
He then called 9-1-1. He said the girls he had seen in the air had been hit
by a vehicle, which he thinks had been a grey Chrysler Intrepid. Although
he had not been sure about the model of the car, he said he was definitely
certain that it had been a Chrysler vehicle. Moreover, in describing what he
had observed while stopping for the red light he said he had been still
approaching the intersection while the light was red and also when he had
observed the girls in the air. He emphasized that he had not yet come to a
full stop when he had observed the girls in the air.
[48] Furthermore, Staffiere said other cars had been stopping as well. He also
said the accident had happened at approximately 3:30 pm. In addition,
while he had been calling 9-1-1, he said he had to wait for his light to turn
green before he could proceed through the intersection. He said he then
jumped his vehicle onto the sidewalk at the other side of the intersection.
[49] However, Staffiere also said he could have been stopped for a couple
cycles of lights before he actually got to drive through the intersection. In
addition, he said he had been at the intersection for one minute or for one
minute and a half before the light had turned green for him. He also said he
did not notice if there had been an advanced left turn or if there indeed had
been an advanced left turn.
[50] In addition, when asked if he had observed who drove the Chrysler Intrepid,
Staffiere pointed to the defendant and said it had been the person in the
grey suit in the courtroom. He also said he believes the driver had been still
in the Intrepid, since Staffiere himself had been more concerned with the
condition of the girls and had immediately gone to the girls. However, he
did say the driver of the Intrepid eventually got out of the car.
[51] Moreover, when describing the driving conditions at the time, Staffiere said
it had been a typical day with it being sunny out, but chilly, and not raining.
He also said the roads were dry.
[52] Furthermore, Staffiere said it had been the weekend and that his son had
been with him and that they were on their way to his son’s hockey practice
or game. He further said his son had been 14 years old at that time, but
would not be testifying because his son did not see what had happened.
[53] Staffiere also recollected that there were at least three eastbound “through”
lanes for Britannia Road at Erin Mills Parkway. In addition, he thinks there
are two lanes of traffic for northbound Erin Mills Parkway and the same for
southbound Erin Mills Parkway. He also said there were designated right
and left turn lanes in all four directions. He also acknowledged that the
9
)IILnaC(
072
JCNO
1102

intersection is big and had been busy and is located in Mississauga. He
further acknowledged that quite some time had passed since the incident
occurred.
[54] In addition, Staffiere believes the speed limit on Britannia Road at that
intersection had been 50 or 60 k.p.h., but does not know for certain.
However, he did say that he is familiar with the intersection and has lived in
the area for 10 to 15 years, but had not been recently at that intersection for
at least six months.
[55] Furthermore, Staffiere said he had observed the Intrepid vehicle
immediately after the accident, but had did not see where the Intrepid
vehicle had come from. In addition, he said he had observed cars to his left
in the act of stopping and that those cars in those lanes did come to a stop.
[56] In addition, Staffiere said it had only taken the police minutes to get there.
He also said he spoke to the police about 30 to 40 minutes after the
accident, but cannot say whether the driver of the Intrepid spoke to the
police. Furthermore, he said he gave a statement to the police, read his
statement, and did not make any corrections to his statement. He also said
he had been at the scene of the accident for the entire time. And, when
shown a copy of his statement during his testimony, he acknowledged that
it was his signature on both pages of the statement and that in his
statement he had made a reference to a “stale red light” at Erin Mills
Parkway. He then explained that to him a “stale red light” meant the light
had been red as he approached it and that it did not mean the light had
been red for a long time just about to turn green.
[57] Staffiere also said he had first put his foot on the brakes when the light had
changed to amber. He also guessed that he had been about 30 feet from
the intersection when the light had turned to amber. However, he did not
know which vehicles were to his left. He further said he did not know his
speed nor the speed limit, but said he usually drives at the speed limit,
although he admits not always. He also acknowledged that it is difficult to
drive at 50 k.p.h.
[58] Moreover, Staffiere said he did a regular and not a sudden stop. He also
said there had been cars going through the amber light in front of him, but
he had no information on what kind of car had gone through the
intersection. He also acknowledged that if it were not safe to stop then one
can go through an amber light. In addition, he said he did not have any
information that there had been cars in both lanes to his left which had gone
through the amber light.
[59] Furthermore, Staffiere said he had observed the girls in the air as he was
easing off his brakes and just before he stopped. He said he then in very
10
)IILnaC(
072
JCNO
1102

short order called 9-1-1 using his blue tooth communication device and told
them he had observed an accident in which two young girls had just been
hit by a vehicle. Also, he said his blue tooth device then fell off.
[60] Staffiere also said he did not see the colour of the lights for Erin Mills
Parkway when his light had turned red.
(3) David Milloy, a witness who was a passenger in a motor
vehicle that had been northbound on Erin Mills Parkway in the
designated right-turn lane and that had been stopped first in line
at the intersection at the time of the collision
[61] David Milloy testified that he is a solutions architect. He also said that on
November 14, 2009, he had been at the intersection of Britannia Road and
Erin Mills Parkway in Mississauga. He further said he had been a
passenger in a vehicle in which his wife had been the driver. In addition, he
said the vehicle that he had been in had been planning to make a right turn
onto Britannia Road.
[62] In addition, Milloy said the vehicle he had been riding in had been
approaching the intersection while travelling northbound on Erin Mills
Parkway in the right-turn lane to go eastbound on Britannia Road. He said
he then observed two children from the northside crossing southbound, but
not on the crosswalk. He said they had made a diagonal from the median.
He also said he had been looking toward the middle of the intersection
when he observed a silver or grey-coloured car enter the intersection
heading southbound and then turn east onto Britannia Road. Furthermore,
he said he had observed to his left the car travel southbound and then
come across. He then said that this car then met the children and then he
observed a running shoe in the air and at that point he realized the children
had been struck.
[63] Furthermore, on a bird’s eye view or aerial photograph of the intersection
(Exhibit #3), Milloy marked where the vehicle his wife had been driving had
been at the time of the accident. He also marked a triangle on the
photograph where he had observed the girls being struck. In addition, he
said that when he had first observed the car that had hit the girls, the car
had been turning in an arc. He then drew an arc on the photograph with an
arrow indicating the direction in which the car had been travelling. He also
drew a box to indicate the car that had hit the girls.
[64] Milloy also said that at the moment the children had been struck, he noticed
the cars had stopped. He said he then searched for his cellphone in the
car. He then noticed a gentleman get out of the car and a lady in a pantsuit
with a cellphone. He said they were on the westbound side of Britannia
Road. He also said four or five people had helped the girls.
11
)IILnaC(
072
JCNO
1102

[65] In addition, Milloy said he had stayed at the scene and that the police had
come fairly quickly. He had thought it had taken about three minutes.
Furthermore, he thinks the accident had happened sometime after 4:00
p.m.
[66] Furthermore, Milloy said that for the driving conditions it had been light out.
He also said he could see clearly. In addition, he said he had observed an
older man that appeared to be distraught. However, he did not see anyone
exit the vehicle that had hit the girls. He said he had observed the
distraught man at the rear of the vehicle facing in a westerly direction.
[67] Milloy also said he did not recall the colour of the light that he had been
facing.
[68] In addition, Milloy said his wife had spoken to the police but she had not
observed the accident. He said the police had questioned her, but did not
take a statement from her. However, he said he had given a statement.
(4) Officer Bruno Pupo, a police officer from the Major Collision
Bureau of the Peel Regional Police Service, who had taken a
statement from the defendant at the scene of the accident
[69] Officer Pupo testified he arrived at the scene at 5:10 p.m. on Saturday,
November 14, 2009. He said that when he had arrived other uniform
officers were already there. He also said that he is in a special unit called
the Major Collision Bureau.
[70] In addition, Officer Pupo said that when he arrived he had observed a 2002
four-door Chrysler Intrepid vehicle, silver in colour, in a stationary position in
the lane adjacent to the centre median. He said the vehicle had the Ontario
marker of [removed to protect privacy]. In addition, he said it was just
getting dark out.
[71] Furthermore, Officer Pupo said he had observed a van stopped next to the
Intrepid and parked at a 45-degree angle. He later found out the van had
not been involved in the accident, but its driver had been a witness.
[72] Officer Pupo said a gentleman then identified himself as the driver of the
Chrysler vehicle and gave his name as Brian Lacroix. Officer Pupo also
said that particular gentleman is before the court today. In addition, Pupo
said the gentleman had been very cooperative. When Officer Pupo had
asked the gentleman if he had any concerns with assisting the officer by
telling what had happened, the gentleman said he had no issue with
providing a statement. Furthermore, before the gentleman had actually
given the statement to the officer, Officer Pupo had asked the gentleman if
12
)IILnaC(
072
JCNO
1102

he were willing to provide a statement that the officer would be able to use
in court. Officer Pupo said the gentleman, who had appeared shaken, then
informed the officer that he had no problem with giving a statement.
[73] The Crown also conceded there had been no need for a voir dire to be held
to determine the voluntariness of the defendant’s statement, since the
statement was not inculpatory. The three-page handwritten statement
signed by the defendant and initialed by Officer Pupo on all three pages
was then entered as Exhibit #4. The following is the three-page statement
written by the defendant that had been made at 5:46 p.m., on 2009/11/14,
and then given to Officer Pupo:
I Brian Lacroix am 55 years of age and am currently residing at
[removed to protect privacy] in the City of Mississauga. I am married
and have been for the last 25 years. I have been driving for the past 35
years and have a perfect record, with only one minor speeding ticket last
year. I own and operate a 2002 Chrysler Intrepid, silver in colour 4 door
with licence plate [removed to protect privacy]. The vehicle is insured by
“ING” Insurance with policy # [removed to protect privacy] with an expiry
date of 25/06/2010. The vehicle has no apparent mechanical problems
to date, and is up to date on its maintenance.
On Saturday November 14, 2009 at Approx 3:30 p.m., I left my
residence alone, and was on my way to the Legion in Streetsville,
located at 101 Church St, I had not consumed any alcohol at that point,
and my health is in good standard. I wear eye glasses to aid me with my
sight.
I drove onto Britannia and headed eastbound towards Erin Mills
Parkway.
The roads were dry, and the weather was sunny with a med temperature
of +12 C. Traffic was med-heavy at some points, and I was travelling
the average speed limit as per the other vehicles.
I was travelling in lane #3, being the closest to the center median. I
approached the white line of the intersection on a green light, as I
proceeded into the intersection the light turned amber on me.
I noticed two young girls standing on the median, facing in a south
direction. As I approached the area of the pedestrian crossway, the two
girls stepped off the median, directly into my path of my vehicle. The
girls appeared to be in an area of about 20 feet from the crossway.
(east of intersection). It happened so quick that the next thing I realized
my vehicle has struck the two girls. I immediately stopped to render
assistance.
It did appear that both girls were eating food, which was contained in
take out cardboard containers. One girl hit my drivers side area of my
front of the car, and the second girl hit my left side of my front of my car.
13
)IILnaC(
072
JCNO
1102

The girl who struck my right side was thrown to the ground and did
appear to be seriously hurt as she did not communicate. The girls who
struck my left side fell into the area of the median, and was found sitting
up, and I approached her. She asked me is “she was dreaming”.
Quickly people started to gather around me and assist with the girls.
I was pretty shaken up by the incident but over all appear OK
I did provide a statement to police, and have been very co-operative with
them.
Looking back at the incident, it happened so quickly that as the girls
stepped off the center median, I had no time to swerve swerve lanes to
avoid hitting them. All I could do is brake and control my car.
[74] Furthermore, Officer Pupo said he did not actually recall the street sign to
know if the road is actually called Britannia Road or Britannia Road West.
[75] In addition, Officer Pupo said the intersection was controlled by traffic
signals that were coloured yellow, red, and green. He also confirmed the
lights were not of any other colours. He further said the lights were
sequenced and that they were solid lights and not flashing lights. He then
clarified what he had meant by the term, “flashing lights”, by giving an
example of a flashing light as the type of light that one would see flashing at
a stop sign.
[76] Officer Pupo also said there were protected left-turn signals or arrows all
the way around the intersection.
(5) William Wallace, a witness who had been driving a motor
vehicle southbound on Erin Mills Parkway in the designated left
turn lane at the intersection at the time of the collision
[77] William Wallace testified he is 80 years young and that he had retired six
years earlier. He also said he used to work as an industrial mechanic. In
addition, he said he is a former military man with 25 years in the military.
He further said he had spent two years in gunnery and 23 years in transport
where he had been an instructor and examiner. He also said he has lots of
driving experience.
[78] In addition, Wallace said he had been in the southbound left-turn lane on
Erin Mills Parkway on November 14, 2009. He also said that when he
observed a body up in the air, he had to make a stop at a red light. He also
said he had looked to his left and right to check for traffic.
14
)IILnaC(
072
JCNO
1102

[79] Furthermore, on a bird’s eye view or aerial photograph of the intersection
(Exhibit #5), Wallace drew an “X” to indicate where he had been when he
had observed the body in the air.
[80] In addition, Wallace said he lived nearby at the next block. He also said
that he had just taken his wife to the bingo hall.
[81] Wallace also said he is familiar with the intersection since he had lived there
for 18 years. Furthermore, he said that Erin Mills Parkway is a north-south
road and that Britannia Road is an east-west road.
[82] Moreover, Wallace said that he had been in a regular left-hand turn lane
marked by white line. He also said he had looked up and had observed that
the light for him had been red. Furthermore, he is sure he had a red light
and that the light had been red for some time. In addition, he said that
when he had stopped his vehicle the light had been still red. He also said
that it had been a couple of minutes before the light then turned green.
[83] Furthermore, Wallace said that when he had observed the body in the air
he had been thinking, because of the angle, she must have been sitting on
top of the car.
[84] In addition, Wallace said he had given a statement to the police that day.
Furthermore, he said the police had taken him to a police cruiser to take his
statement and that he had gone into the interior of the cruiser to give his
statement. He also said he had picked up a phone and shoes. In addition,
he said he had first-aid training.
[85] Furthermore, when shown a photograph that contained a van (Exhibit #6),
Wallace said that it was not his van, but then said that it looked like his
vehicle. He also said there had been a body on the road, so he had to stop.
Then after being shown another photograph of a motor vehicle (Exhibit #7),
he said it had been the motor vehicle that had hit the girl.
[86] Wallace also said he had been there for five minutes and did have a
conversation with the gentleman. He also said his vehicle had been left
there all day and that a police officer had given him a ride home.
[87] In addition, even though Wallace had acknowledged that it was his
signature on both pages of the statement that he had given to the police,
when the statement that he supposedly made on the day of the collision
had been read back to him while he was in the witness stand, in which the
statement in question stated that he had been first in line to make a left turn
and that when he had received an advance left-turn signal he had made a
left turn and then when he had been halfway in the intersection he then had
observed the girl in the air, he was adamant about the part in the prior
15
)IILnaC(
072
JCNO
1102

statement in which it was stated he had gone through a green light had
been wrong. Instead of having a green light, he testified at the trial that he
actually had a red light and that he had been in the left-turn lane when he
had observed the girl in the air. He also said he had come to a stop for a
red light. In addition, he said he had been through that intersection so
many times. He also said he takes his wife to bingo on many occasions
because his wife is a bingo nut.
[88] In addition, Wallace said he then stopped and got out and said, “Don’t pick
up the body you may break the neck.”
[89] Furthermore, Wallace said he spoke to the gentleman who had been upset.
He said he had gone over to the driver, but that he did not know that the
gentleman had been the driver at the time. He also said the gentleman had
been distraught. He then said he heard somebody screaming bloody
murder.
(6) the defendant, Brian Lacroix
[90] The defendant testified he is 56 years old and resides in Mississauga. He
also said he works for a medical device company in Oakville as the director
of quality assurance and is also involved with regulatory affairs. He also
said he has worked for this company for over 14 years.
[91] In addition, the defendant said he had moved to Ontario from Montreal in
1984 and has been driving in Ontario since 1984. He also said he had
driven in Montreal.
[92] Furthermore, the defendant said that before he had gone through the
intersection he had been coming from his home. He also said it had been
3:30 p.m. in the afternoon and that he had been driving his car, which is a
2002 Intrepid. He said he had bought the car when it had been three years
old and that he has owned the car since 2005. He then said he had been
on his way to the Royal Canadian Legion to work on the poppy campaign,
where he was going to sort and roll coins that had come from the sale of
poppies. He also said there had been lots of work to be done after
November 11 and that it would take weeks to sort and roll the collected
coins. He further said that he has been member of the Legion for 10 years.
Furthermore, he said he has served on the entertainment committee and is
an active volunteer there, for which he had received a Certificate of
Appreciation from the Legion for his volunteer activities.
[93] In addition, the defendant said he had been on Britannia Road on the way
from his home. He also said that Erin Mills Parkway has five northbound
lanes with two lanes as “through” lanes. In addition, he said there are two
lanes going southbound. Moreover, he said he had been in lane #3, which
16
)IILnaC(
072
JCNO
1102

is the lane beside the median, when he drove through the intersection. He
also said that because he is familiar with that intersection he had been
driving in that lane because of the designated right-turn lane on northbound
Erin Mills Parkway that goes immediately onto Britannia Road eastbound
and merges into a “through” lane eastbound. He also clarified that there is
no actual merge lane for vehicles eastbound and that a car going
northbound to eastbound Britannia Road has to make a turn into one of the
through lanes. Furthermore, he said he had observed on ten occasions
over the years that there have been close calls or near collisions and that is
the very reason why he drives in the farthest lane away from that turn lane.
He also said that it had been a habit of his to drive in the lane closest to the
median to avoid problems at that intersection. Moreover, he said he is
careful in that area and had earlier moved over to that lane. He also said
that because the northbound turn lane merges immediately with Britannia
Road he had taken the lane closest to the median to avoid any problems.
[94] Furthermore, the defendant said he does not carry a cellphone, Blackberry,
or any other telecom device. He also said he had not consumed any
alcohol and had not taken any medication that would affect his ability to
drive. And, although he is wearing glasses he said they are pharmacy-
reading glasses and that he is not required to wear glasses in order to drive.
[95] The defendant also said he had been driving eastbound at a speed of 60 up
to 70 k.p.h. for the 50 k.p.h. speed limit. He also said there is a slight
downhill grade for eastbound traffic before Erin Mills Parkway. Moreover,
he said he did not accelerate before he got into the intersection, but drove
at a steady speed.
[96] In addition, the defendant said the temperature had been 10 to 12 degrees.
He also said it had been very sunny and dry. In addition, he said the roads
were dry. Moreover, he said that no one else had been with him in the car
at the time. He also said the traffic had been average for Britannia Road
that day. He further said there had been some traffic but that it had not
been heavy.
[97] Furthermore, the defendant said he had observed the traffic lights from a
distance. He said the light for him had been green when he first observed
the lights, and then, as he moved along the light turned to amber while he
had been in the intersection. He also said the light had turned amber when
he had been about one-third of the way in the intersection.
[98] The defendant also said he has never met Jose Pacheco or any of the other
witnesses who testified in the trial.
[99] In addition, the defendant said he travels through the intersection a couple
of times a week.
17
)IILnaC(
072
JCNO
1102

[100] Furthermore, the defendant said he had first observed the girls as he hit the
crosswalk at the other side of the intersection.
[101] Moreover, on a bird’s eye view or aerial photograph of the intersection
(Exhibit #8), the defendant drew a box to indicate the location of his vehicle
and marked with an “X” where his car had been when he had first observed
the girls.
[102] The defendant also said that when he spoke to the police he had been
shaken up because of hitting the girls.
[103] Furthermore, the defendant said he did not believe there had been a car to
his left or to his right, nor does he recall any cars to his left or to his right or
to his side or beside him. He also said that cars had been moving through
the intersection until the light had turned red. In addition, he said he did not
look for cars to his left or to his right, but had been looking ahead.
Moreover, he said he did not see any cars slowing down. However, he
does remember observing cars that were at a distance in front of him, but
does not recall any cars behind him nor does he believe there were any
cars following him that were ready to hit him.
[104] The defendant further said that no car had stopped in front of him, nor does
he believe that another car had hit the girls.
[105] Moreover, the defendant said that when he had gotten out of his car to
check on the girls, he believes he had observed William Wallace’s car.
[106] Furthermore, the defendant said the traffic had been light to medium. He
also said the traffic on Britannia Road, traveling east to west, is not usually
very heavy. In addition, he said he had not been alone on the road.
4. APPLICABLE LAW
[107] The “red light – fail to stop” offence set out in s. 144(18) of the Highway
Traffic Act, R.S.O. 1990, c. H.8, states that:
Red light
144(18) Every driver approaching a traffic control signal showing a
circular red indication and facing the indication shall stop his or
her vehicle and shall not proceed until a green indication is
shown.
18
)IILnaC(
072
JCNO
1102

[108] In addition, the following definitions contained in s. 1(1) of the Highway
Traffic Act, R.S.O. 1990, c. H.8, are relevant to this proceeding:
1(1) In this Act,
…
“crosswalk” means,
(a) that part of a highway at an intersection that is included within
the connections of the lateral lines of the sidewalks on
opposite sides of the highway measured from the curbs or, in
the absence of curbs, from the edges of the roadway, or
(b) any portion of a roadway at an intersection or elsewhere
distinctly indicated for pedestrian crossing by signs or by lines
or other markings on the surface;
…
“highway” includes a common and public highway, street, avenue,
parkway, driveway, square, place, bridge, viaduct or trestle,
any part of which is intended for or used by the general
public for the passage of vehicles and includes the area
between the lateral property lines thereof;
…
“intersection” means the area embraced within the prolongation or
connection of the lateral curb lines or, if none, then of the
lateral boundary lines of two or more highways that join one
another at an angle, whether or not one highway crosses the
other;
…
“pedestrian crossover” means any portion of a roadway,
designated by by-law of a municipality, at an intersection or
elsewhere, distinctly indicated for pedestrian crossing by
signs on the highway and lines or other markings on the
surface of the roadway as prescribed by the regulations;
…
“roadway” means the part of the highway that is improved,
designed or ordinarily used for vehicular traffic, but does not
include the shoulder, and, where a highway includes two or
more separate roadways, the term “roadway” refers to any
one roadway separately and not to all of the roadways
collectively;
[109] Furthermore, the term, “intersection”, for the purposes of offences set out in
s. 144 of the Highway Traffic Act is also defined in s. 144(1), which states
that where there is a pedestrian crosswalk indicated by markings on the
roadway then the pedestrian crosswalk forms part of the intersection:
19
)IILnaC(
072
JCNO
1102

Traffic control signals and pedestrian control signals
144(1) In this section,
…
“intersection” includes any portion of a highway indicated by
markings on the surface of the roadway as a crossing place for
pedestrians; (“intersection”)
[110] Also, not only are motorists who approach an automatic traffic light showing
a red light required to stop, but they must do so at or before a specific
location. The specific locations where the motorist must stop is set out in s.
144(5) of the Highway Traffic Act, R.S.O. 1990, c. H.8:
Where to stop – intersection
144(5) A driver who is directed by a traffic control signal erected at an
intersection to stop his or her vehicle shall stop,
(a) at the sign or roadway marking indicating where the stop
is to be made;
(b) if there is no sign or marking, immediately before
entering the nearest crosswalk; or
(c) if there is no sign, marking or crosswalk, immediately
before entering the intersection.
[111] Moreover, there are also other provisions in the Highway Traffic Act that
appear to be relevant to this proceeding, such as what motorists may be
permitted do when faced with a green light under s. 144(12), a flashing
green indication under s. 144(13), a green arrow indication under s.
144(14), or an amber indication under s. 144(15):
Green light
144(12) A driver approaching a traffic control signal showing a circular
green indication and facing the indication may proceed forward
or turn left or right unless otherwise directed.
Flashing green
144(13) A driver approaching a traffic control signal showing a circular
flashing green indication or a solid or flashing left turn green
arrow indication in conjunction with a circular green indication
and facing the indication may, despite subsection 141(5),
proceed forward or turn left or right unless otherwise directed.
20
)IILnaC(
072
JCNO
1102

Green arrow
144(14) Every driver approaching a traffic control signal showing one or
more green arrow indications only or in combination with a
circular red or circular amber indication and facing the indication
may proceed only to follow the direction shown by the arrow.
Amber light
144(15) Every driver approaching a traffic control signal showing a
circular amber indication and facing the indication shall stop his
or her vehicle if he or she can do so safely, otherwise he or she
may proceed with caution.
[112] Furthermore, upon conviction, the penalty for contravening s. 144(18), as of
November 14, 2009, is contained in s. 144(31.2) of the Highway Traffic Act,
R.S.O. 1990, c. H.8, which on that date set out a minimum fine of $150 and
a maximum fine of $500:
Penalty for disobeying red or amber light
144(31.2) Every person who contravenes subsection (15) or (18) is
guilty of an offence and on conviction is liable to a fine of
not less than $150 and not more than $500.
5. ISSUES
[113] The following issues have arisen for the determination of whether the
Crown has proven beyond a reasonable doubt that the defendant had
committed the offence of “red light – fail to stop”:
(a) In regards to the Crown’s motion to amend the charge in the information
to identify the location of the offence to be “Britannia Road West” from
“Britannia Road”, could this amendment be done without prejudice to
the defendant and without causing injustice to occur?
(b) Has the Crown proven beyond a reasonable doubt that the defendant
committed the actus reus of the offence of “red light – fail to stop”?
(c) For the purposes of s. 144(18) and for this particular proceeding, what
does the word “intersection” refer to?
21
)IILnaC(
072
JCNO
1102

(d) What evidence is there, if any, that proves the defendant had not yet
reached the white stop line painted on the road surface when the traffic
light he was facing had turned red?
(e) Are the four versions of the independent witnesses’ account of what
happened inconsistent or consistent with the Crown’s contention that
the defendant had failed to stop for a red light?
6. ANALYSIS
[114] The defendant has been charged for failing to stop for a red traffic light
located at the intersection of at Britannia Road West and Erin Mills
Parkway, in the City of Mississauga. In his testimony, the defendant stated
the traffic light at that intersection had been green for him when he entered
the intersection and only turned to amber when he was about a third of the
way into the intersection. Moreover, only one of the four independent
witnesses who testified in the trial actually observed what colour the light
had been or would have been for the defendant just before the collision.
However, that particular Crown witness disagreed with the defendant’s
evidence that the traffic light had been green. Instead, that Crown witness
had testified that when he observed the traffic light for east and westbound
Britannia Road West change to red, the defendant’s vehicle had not yet
entered the “intersection” and that the red light had been showing for a
couple of seconds when he had observed the defendant’s vehicle “go
through”. In addition, all four of the independent witnesses gave different
versions or accounts of what they had observed of the event in question.
And, it is these different versions, which the defendant contends are full of
inconsistencies and errors, that forms the basis for the defendant’s
argument for a dismissal of the charge based on the presence of
reasonable doubt.
[115] Furthermore, since the defendant has testified in his own defence and his
testimony contradicts what a key Crown witness had observed about the
defendant going through the intersection on a red light, the analytical tool
set out in R. v. W. (D.), [1994] 3 S.C.R. 521, [1994] S.C.J. No. 91 (QL)
(S.C.C.), for determining whether the Crown has proven the defendant
committed the offence beyond a reasonable doubt, aptly applies.
[116] In addition, there are several issues that need to be resolved in deciding
whether the Crown has proven the actus reus of the offence beyond a
reasonable doubt, including where the defendant’s vehicle was at the time
the traffic light had turned red for eastbound traffic on Britannia Road West,
what does the term “intersection” refer to for the purpose of s. 144(18) and
for this proceeding, and whether the four independent witnesses have given
unreliable testimony about the event in question.
22
)IILnaC(
072
JCNO
1102

(a) Type of offence
[117] For this charge, only the actus reus of the offence has to be proven by the
Crown. In other words, no mental or fault element is required to be proven
by the Crown as an element of the “red light – fail to stop” offence under s.
144(18), because in Ontario this traffic offence has been held to be an
absolute liability offence: R. v. Kurtzman, [1991] O.J. No. 1285 (QL), 4 O.R.
(3d) 417 (O.C.A.), at paras. 15, 34, and 35. As such, fault or negligence is
not an element of the offence [emphasis is mine below]:
It is common ground that the Highway Traffic Act is a public welfare
statute, aimed at ensuring public safety through the orderly control of
traffic. Therefore, it is clear that, pursuant to Sault Ste. Marie, supra,
offences created by the Act are presumed to be ones of strict liability,
rather than absolute liability, unless there is clear legislative direction to
the contrary. Whether this presumption has been displaced with respect
to s. 124(16) depends on four primary considerations, as enunciated in
Sault Ste. Marie: (i) the over-all regulatory pattern adopted by the
legislature; (ii) the subject-matter of the statute; (iii) the importance of the
penalty; and (iv) the precision of the language used.
…
The words used in s. 124(16) are mandatory and clearly do not
anticipate a defence of due diligence or reasonable care being raised.
This is particularly so in light of the fact that other provisions of Part IX of
the Act do expressly contemplate that an accused may be exculpated
where reasonable and prudent conduct has been demonstrated. Such
choice of language in other provisions and its absence from the
provision in question indicate that the legislature intended to create an
offence of absolute liability.
In my view, the legislature had a similar intention with respect to s.
124(18) [now 144(18)]. It may be that the language of s. 124(18) [now
144(18)], providing that an emergency vehicle "may proceed without a
green indication being shown if it is safe to do so" does anticipate that
any inquiry into a driver's assessment of whether it is safe to proceed
may be tempered by a reasonableness standard. That is, a defence of
due diligence may be available to those who, after stopping, exercise all
reasonable care to ascertain whether it is safe to proceed. However, the
appellant in this case failed to bring his vehicle to a full stop. In my view,
the language of at least that part of the provision is mandatory and
absolute and not subject to an inquiry into the reasonableness of the
driver's efforts. As noted earlier, the driver either stops or he does not. In
this case, he did not and, therefore, in my view, he contravened the
provision.
23
)IILnaC(
072
JCNO
1102

[118] Therefore, the Crown is only required to prove that the traffic light at Erin
Mills Parkway for eastbound traffic on Britannia Road West, in the City of
Mississauga was showing a red indication as the defendant’s vehicle
approached that light and that the defendant did not stop his vehicle.
(b) Motion To Quash the Information
[119] In dealing first with the motion to quash the information, in which the
defendant contends the information should be quashed for that reason that
the name of the road where the offence is alleged to have occurred had
been incorrectly named in the charge. In particular, the charge indicated
the offence occurred on “Britannia Road” in the City of Mississauga, but the
defendant points out that the correct name for the road is actually “Britannia
Road West”. The Crown in responding to the motion to quash the
information made a motion to amend the charge to add the word, “West”,
after the words, “Britannia Road”, and argued that the amendment could be
made without any prejudice to the defendant or an injustice occurring, since
it is only a minor defect that does not go to jurisdiction.
[120] Undeniably, the defendant’s argument for quashing the information is based
on a line of reasoning that stems from a bygone era, when form prevailed
over substance and informations were as a matter of course quashed if i’s
were not dotted or t’s not crossed. Fortunately, that approach is no longer
employed, having been replaced by a set of principles which emphasize
substance over form and where charges are to be decided on the merits of
the case and not merely dismissed on technical or procedural defects. As
part of this paradigm shift, broad amendment powers were established and
provided for in the Provincial Offences Act, the legislation governing the
procedures for trials of regulatory offences in Ontario. In particular, s. 36(2)
of the Provincial Offences Act, R.S.O. 1990, c. P.33, directs a court not to
quash an information unless an amendment or particulars under ss. 33, 34,
or 35 of that Act would fail to satisfy the ends of justice [emphasis is mine
below].
Motion to quash information or certificate
36(1) An objection to an information or certificate for a defect
apparent on its face shall be taken by motion to quash the
information or certificate before the defendant has pleaded, and
thereafter only by leave of the court.
Grounds for quashing
(2) The court shall not quash an information or certificate unless an
amendment or particulars under section 33, 34 or 35 would fail
to satisfy the ends of justice.
24
)IILnaC(
072
JCNO
1102

[121] This brings us now to the Crown’s application to amend the information.
According to s. 36(2), if it were the case that the proposed amendment
would fail to satisfy the ends of justice then the defendant’s motion to quash
the information may then be granted.
(c) Motion To Amend the Information
[122] According to s. 34 of the Provincial Offences Act, R.S.O. 1990, c. P.33, this
court can amend the information where it appears to be defective in
substance or in form at any point in the proceeding, if, after considering the
evidence taken at trial; the circumstances of the case; whether the
defendant has been prejudiced by the variance, error or omission; and
whether in regards to the merits of the case the proposed amendment can
be made without injustice being done. In addition, s. 34(3) provides that the
place where the subject-matter of the proceeding is alleged to have arisen
is not material when there is a variance between the information and the
evidence taken on the trial, except if there is an issue as to the jurisdiction
of the court [emphasis is mine below]:
Amendment of information or certificate
34(1) The court may, at any stage of the proceeding, amend the
information or certificate as may be necessary if it appears that
the information or certificate,
(a) fails to state or states defectively anything that is requisite to
charge the offence;
(b) does not negative an exception that should be negatived; or
(c) is in any way defective in substance or in form.
Idem
(2) The court may, during the trial, amend the information or
certificate as may be necessary if the matters to be alleged in the
proposed amendment are disclosed by the evidence taken at the
trial.
Variances between charge and evidence
(3) A variance between the information or certificate and the
evidence taken on the trial is not material with respect to,
(a) the time when the offence is alleged to have been
committed, if it is proved that the information was laid or
certificate issued within the prescribed period of limitation; or
25
)IILnaC(
072
JCNO
1102

(b) the place where the subject-matter of the proceeding is
alleged to have arisen, except in an issue as to the
jurisdiction of the court.
Considerations on amendment
(4) The court shall, in considering whether or not an amendment
should be made, consider,
(a) the evidence taken on the trial, if any;
(b) the circumstances of the case;
(c) whether the defendant has been misled or prejudiced in the
defendant’s defence by a variance, error or omission; and
(d) whether, having regard to the merits of the case, the
proposed amendment can be made without injustice being
done.
…
[123] Ergo, amending the location of the offence from “Britannia Road” to
“Britannia Road West” on the information is not an unreasonable
amendment to make and does not cause irremediable prejudice or cause
injustice, since the defendant would have known the road he was on at
least contained the words “Britannia Road” and that the alleged offence had
occurred in Mississauga and that the actus reus of the offence involved not
stopping for a red light at the intersection where the collision had occurred
and that the identity of the driver of the motor vehicle that struck the two
young girls was not at issue. However, if, for example, an intersection in
Mississauga existed at “Britannia Road” and Erin Mills Parkway or at
“Britannia Road East” and Erin Mills Parkway, and did not have automatic
traffic lights, then issues of prejudice and injustice may arise, but in the case
at bar there is no evidence that this particular situation exists. In addition,
the omission of the word, “West”, does not go to the jurisdiction of this court
to try the case.
[124] Furthermore, even though the Crown may not have gotten the full name of
the road correctly, informations can be amended at any point in the
proceeding, as provided for under the Provincial Offences Act, where the
proposed amendment would not prejudice the defendant or cause an
injustice or the proposed amendment corresponds with evidence that had
been given in the trial. Moreover, I agree with the Crown’s argument that
quashing the information or dismissing the charge for the omission of the
word, “West”, from the correct name of the road, “Britannia Road West”,
would in the circumstances cause injustice, considering the merits of the
case.
26
)IILnaC(
072
JCNO
1102

[125] Hence, since the amendment would not cause prejudice or injustice and the
correct name of the road was tendered as evidence at the trial, the word,
“West”, will be added to the words “Britannia Road” to correct the name of
the road for the location of the offence.
(d) Testing Testimonial Capabilities
[126] In contending that there is reasonable doubt because the four independent
witnesses gave conflicting, error-filled, and inconsistent testimony, the
defendant points specifically to the testimony of Jose Pacheco, in which
Pacheco testified that the event in question occurred sometime between
noon to 1:00 p.m. when in fact it occurred about 3:26 p.m.; to Pacheco
incorrectly testifying about the number of northbound lanes for Erin Mills
Parkway being three lanes when there are actually more than three lanes
when taking into account the designated left and right turn lanes; to
Pacheco mixing up the colour of the car he observed going through the
intersection by saying the colour was silver, then yellow and then red; to the
testimony of David Milloy who had testified to observing the defendant
travelling southbound on Erin Mills Parkway turn to go eastbound on
Britannia Road West when in fact the defendant had not been driving
southbound on Erin Mills Parkway, but had been driving eastbound on
Britannia Road West; to the testimony of Raffaele Staffiere, who testified
about a “stale” red light, which the defendant suggests refers to the red light
being red for some time and just about to turn green for eastbound traffic;
and, to William Wallace, who testified to being stopped for a red light in the
soutbound left-turn lane when he observed a person in the air, to support
the defendant’s statement he entered the intersection on a green light.
[127] In addition, it is Jose Pacheco’s testimony about seeing the defendant’s
vehicle go through the intersection on a red light that contradicts the
defendant’s testimony on having entered the intersection while facing a
green light and the light only changing to amber when the defendant had
been one-third into the intersection.
[128] This case further illustrates the importance and purpose of adversarial
proceedings in the search for truth and in having witnesses who testify at a
trial being subjected to cross-examination so that their ability to observe,
recall, and to communicate, and to be truthful about a critical event can be
tested, while they are under oath or affirmation and subject to the penalty of
perjury. Moreover, this aspect of the adversarial process enables the trier
being able to resolve contested issues with reliable evidence.
[129] Furthermore, in the archetypical evidence textbook titled, Sopinka,
Lederman & Bryant: The Law of Evidence in Canada, 3rd ed. (Markham,
Ontario: LexisNexis Canada Inc., 2009), at p. 1147, the authors summarize
what frailties may arise in a witness’ perception of an event and the
27
)IILnaC(
072
JCNO
1102

distortion that could occur from the witness’ interpretation of what they had
observed, and that a witness’ recollection of an event could be further
distorted by a time lag or that a witness could use a word improperly or
convey their thoughts inaccurately, which would also distort what they had
actually observed of an event [emphasis is mine below]:
§16.144 The evidence of a witness is acceptable as a general rule only
if the witness perceived the fact about which he or she is testifying with
his or her own senses. This requirement has been the basis of
exclusionary rules, such as those relating to hearsay and opinion.
Perception includes more than merely observing an event. A counsel
cross-examining with respect to a witness’ perception may inquire into
the witness’ powers of observation. A witness may be suffering from
some physical or mental impairment that may have diminished his or her
ability to observe accurately. Similarly, environmental conditions, such
as a dark night, or the placement of tangible obstacles, may also affect
the witness’ visual acuity. Moreover, a cross-examiner can attempt to
demonstrate, through questioning, that the witness was not physically in
a position to observe the event. All questions directed toward showing
that the witness lacked the opportunity to observe the event, or that his
or her observations were less acute than they might have been, are
clearly proper in cross-examination. The vagaries of perception extend
beyond a witness’ capacity and opportunity to observe, for individuals
may interpret the same event differently. Accordingly, the accuracy of a
witness’ interpretation of an event that he or she perceived is properly
the subject matter of cross-examination.
§16.145 A witness’ memory or ability to recall an event may be tested
by cross-examination. The time lag between the event and the
testimony may be tested by cross-examination. The time lag between
the event and its recounting by the witness may result in a distortion in
the recollection of the event. Furthermore, the witness may have been
susceptible to other influences which permitted his or her mental
reconstruction of the event to be altered. Therefore, a cross-examiner is
free to probe the stresses and other factors which may have had some
impact upon the accuracy of the witness’ impression.
§16.146 Another factor which could affect the trustworthiness of the
testimony is the witness’ articulation of the events in the witness box.
Testimonial narration results from translation of impressions into
language. In relating what he or she saw, the witness may be confusing
inference with actual fact. In addition, distortion may arise if the witness
uses a word improperly or otherwise conveys thoughts inaccurately.
§16.147 All human testimony is subject to these frailties and, thus,
cross-examination can be instrumental in bringing them to light so that
the proper weight may be given to the evidence. The following
statement by Morgan is apt:
28
)IILnaC(
072
JCNO
1102

The judicial device for exposing these weaknesses is cross-examination.
Its most dramatic quality is its power to detect willfully false testimony, but
more valuable is its capacity for bringing to light errors of perception,
defects of memory and deficiencies of narration. It requires no extended
trial experience to demonstrate that for every perjurer there are scores of
honest witnesses whose direct examination produces the effect of
falsehood because its subject-matter was incorrectly or incompletely
observed or inaccurately remembered or inadequately narrated. It might,
then, be argued that in a judicial investigation no testimony should be
received which is not tested in the fire of cross-examination.
§16.148 Apart from the subconscious errors attributable to the human
condition, an effective cross-examination may expose bias, detect
falsehood, and generally reveal the witness’ mental and moral condition
and whether his or her evidence is tainted by enmity towards a party to
the litigation.
[130] However, the defendant’s contention that the evidence from the four
independent witnesses is inconsistent and therefore creates reasonable
doubt is not necessarily true. That is to say, if the four independent
witnesses’ testimony can all be true at the same time, then their evidence
would not be inconsistent or in contradiction. Furthermore, it is also
possible that the defendant’s testimony could turn out to be the least
credible, when scrutinized for logic or when considered in light of human
experience. Therefore, a review of the impugned inconsistent testimony of
the four independent witnesses and the defendant’s testimony will be
undertaken next.
(e) What colour was the traffic light for the defendant?
[131] In support of their argument that the inconsistencies and contradictions in
the testimony of the witnesses have created reasonable doubt, the
defendant points to David Milloy’s testimony about the defendant’s vehicle
coming southbound on Erin Mills Parkway as one area of inconsistency in
the Crown’s case. However, David Milloy did not testified about seeing
what colour the traffic light for the defendant had been. Although Milloy was
incorrect in what direction the defendant had originally come from when he
entered the intersection, Milloy was only a passenger in a motor vehicle
driven by his wife travelling northbound on Erin Mills Parkway. Invariably,
his view while a passenger, which normally means he is sitting to the right
of the driver in the front seat may have been obstructed by his wife, who
was the driver. Therefore, Milloy may not have had a unobstructed or clear
view of the entire intersection and only perceived the defendant coming
from his left and believing the defendant had been driving southbound on
Erin Mills Parkway. In any event, Milloy did not observe the colour of the
defendant’s traffic light, and as such, Milloy’s testimony does not support
the Crown’s contention that the defendant had failed to stop for a red light.
In addition, Milloy’s incorrect observation as to the direction the defendant’s
29
)IILnaC(
072
JCNO
1102

vehicle had been travelling carries no weight nor does it have sufficient
weight to undermine the Crown’s case.
[132] As for the quarrel with Raffaele Staffiere’s testimony, the defendant
contends that Staffiere’s use of the words, “stale red light”, in his statement
given to the police on the day of the collision is somehow inconsistent with
or contradicts the notion that the defendant had entered the intersection on
a red light. The defendant’s suggestion that a “stale red light” refers to the
point in the colour cycle when the eastbound traffic light had been red just
about to turn green, would mean that the light had already been red for over
a minute or so of duration at the time that Staffiere had been approaching
the intersection. Under that scenario, how could Staffiere be able to see the
two girls in the air if the defendant had enter the intersection on a green
light since the time between the defendant entering the intersection on a
green light and the stale red light just about to turn green again would be a
difference of about a minute. Thus, Staffiere’s testimony is more consistent
with the scenario that the eastbound traffic light had changed from amber to
red when Staffiere’s vehicle approached the intersection and the light had
been only red for about one or two seconds when Staffiere observed two
girls in the air just before his vehicle came to a full stop at the intersection.
[133] Moreover, Staffiere had testified that as he approached the intersection the
eastbound traffic light had turned yellow when he had been about 30 feet
from the intersection, causing him to immediately slow down his vehicle,
and as he was braking he observed the traffic light turn red, and then as he
was just about to come to a full stop he observed the two girls up in the air
on the other side of the intersection.
[134] On the other hand, Staffiere’s testimony is not inconsistent with the Crown’s
theory that the defendant had failed to stop for a red light because there is a
two second all-red phase for the intersection, which indeed would have
provided enough time for the defendant to accelerate, as observed by Jose
Pacheco, and drive through the intersection at 60 to 70 k.p.h. after the
eastbound light had turned red, and then strike the two young girls who
were on the other side of the intersection before the northbound and
southbound traffic lights would have changed to an advanced-green arrow
for the vehicles in the designated left-turn lanes. In addition, since the
northbound and soutbound traffic on Erin Mills Parkway were governed by
these advanced-green arrows or protected left-turn lights, the light for Jose
Pacheco would not have turned green for him to proceed until the
advanced-green lights would have finished. Therefore, Raffaele Staffiere’s
account is not inconsistent with the Crown theory that the defendant
entered the intersection on a red light or inconsistent with Jose Pacheco’s
testimony.
30
)IILnaC(
072
JCNO
1102

[135] As for William Wallace’s testimony given in the trial, it was not coherent, nor
did it seem to be consistent with the statement that he had given to the
police on the day of the collision. In the statement that the police had
obtained from Wallace, it states that Wallace had not seen the girl in the air
until he had been on a green light and halfway into the intersection while
making his left turn. In the trial, after that prior statement had been read
back to him, Wallace said the prior statement was incorrect and that he had
actually seen the girl in the air when he was stopped for a red light in the
designated left-turn lane for southbound Erin Mills Parkway.
[136] Nevertheless, both of Wallace’s versions would be still consistent with Jose
Pacheco’s testimony about the defendant’s vehicle entering the intersection
on a red light. In particular, since the intersection has a two second all-red
phase for all directions and advanced-green arrows for left-turn traffic for
southbound and northbound Erin Mills Parkway, then for the scenario where
Wallace would have been still stopped for a red light for southbound traffic
when he observed the girl in the air, the two second all-red phase would
have provided ample time for the defendant to enter the intersection while
facing a red light for eastbound traffic, drive through the intersection at 60 to
70 k.p.h., and collide with the two young girls on the eastside of the
intersection, while the light for Wallace would still have been showing red.
And, for the other scenario that was in the statement obtained by the police,
in which it is stated that Wallace had proceeded on a green light and had
been halfway in the intersection when he observed a girl in the air, would
actually mean that the defendant had entered long after the eastbound
traffic light had turned red and would have placed the defendant’s vehicle
closer to the end of the two second all-red phase when the defendant would
have entered the intersection. On the other hand, Wallace’s narrative and
testimony in the trial had been rambling or disjointed, and as such, carries
little credence or probative value.
[137] As for the defendant’s contention that Jose Pacheco’s testimony is not
reliable because Pacheco had stated incorrectly the time of the day when
the collision occurred as being between noon and 1:00 p.m., I do not find
this error to completely undermine Pacheco’s credibility or that the totality of
his testimony would be unreliable, considering that Pacheco had also said
that he would not forget that day. In addition, his recollection of what he
observed is consistent with what the other independent witnesses have said
and a misstatement concerning the actual time of the day in which the event
occurred does not necessarily undermine his observations regarding the
colour of the lights and his memory of where he observed the defendant’s
vehicle when the traffic light for the defendant had changed to red. In
addition, the claim that Pacheco incorrectly stated the number of
northbound lanes on Erin Mills is only incorrect if Pacheco had been
referring to the southside of the intersection where there were more than
three northbound lanes, but if he had been referring to the northside of the
31
)IILnaC(
072
JCNO
1102

intersection then Pacheco’s answer would be correct, since there are only
three northbound lanes. Moreover, I do not find that Pacheco’s reference to
a silver, then a yellow, and then a red car, to be more than just a slip of the
tongue and a simple mix-up of words, since the questions being asked of
Pacheco at that particular part of the trial concerned red and yellow lights.
[138] However, although I have found the testimony from Staffiere or Wallace to
not be inconsistent with Pacheco’s testimony about the defendant entering
the intersection on a red light, none of those two observed the colour of the
light for the defendant nor had their testimony been helpful in determining
the colour of the light for the defendant when the defendant’s vehicle
entered the intersection. And, since Jose Pacheco is the only witness that
observed the defendant’s vehicle proceed into the intersection and the light
changing to red while the defendant’s vehicle was in the vicinity of the
intersection, and since this is the only evidence that could prove the
defendant committed the offence, I will address and scrutinize Pacheco’s
testimony after I have reviewed the defendant’s testimony, especially in
regards to the defendant’s use of the defence of the different time zone,
which generally undermines the user’s credibility.
(f) Defence of the different time zone
[139] As indicated at the outset, this trial highlights the use of the “defence of the
different time zone” by the defendant. This defence usually arises in ”red
light – fail to stop” charges, where an accused faces evidence that tends to
show the accused did not stop for a red light or that he continued through
the intersection against a red light. When faced with this evidence that
potentially proves the red light offence, an accused with concerns about civil
law suits, demerit points, or insurance premiums, will invariably put forth the
defence of the different time zone, in which they usually do not testify about
entering the intersection on an amber light, but instead push the phase or
sequence of the traffic light back to the green light phase, forgetting that the
amber light phase between the green and red phases can last for three to
four seconds. Thus, depending on the reliability or trustworthiness of the
prosecution’s evidence of where that accused’s vehicle was at the time the
traffic light had changed to red, what really undermines an accused’s
credibility or creates an implausible or illogical factual scenario, when an
accused claims to have entered the intersection on a green light where the
evidence otherwise indicates a red light, is that for the green light assertion
to be bona fide then that accused’s vehicle would have to be a substantial
distance away or significantly further along on the other side of the
intersection so that the accused in this scenario would not have even been
in the same intersection when the traffic light changed to red or that it be
possible for any witness to have even seen the accused’s vehicle at the
intersection because the vehicle would have been a block away when the
32
)IILnaC(
072
JCNO
1102

light turned red. Or, for that matter, for the vehicle to still be in the same
time zone as the other witnesses who were at the intersection!
[140] Now, for the case at bar, if the defendant would have entered the
intersection on a green light and the light had only charged to amber when
the defendant’s vehicle had been one-third of the way into the intersection,
then three or four second later to account for the duration of the amber light
and with the defendant travelling at 60 to 70 k.p.h. would necessarily mean
the defendant would have been likely a block away to the east when Jose
Pacheco had been looking at the traffic light to his left and had seen the
light changed to red and then when the two girls were struck, the
defendant’s vehicle would have been even further east of where the two
girls were, or as the defendant would suggest, in a different time zone from
when Pacheco had made his observations. Of course, for the defendant’s
testimony about entering the intersection on a green light to have any
credence would also necessarily mean that Jose Pacheco must have had
something wrong with his vision when he was looking at the light if he could
not tell the difference between a green light and a red light.
[141] Moreover, the defendant’s testimony would be no less than self-serving and
incredible, if Jose Pacheco’s observations are found to be reliable and
credible.
[142] This brings us now to Jose Pacheco’s testimony, which is the only evidence
that potentially shows the defendant committed the offence of “red light –
fail to stop”, since he is the only independent witness that actually testified
about observing the colour of the traffic light for the defendant, assuming
that for safety reasons eastbound and westbound traffic lights are
synchronized to turn red at the same time, considering that Pacheco had
been looking at the traffic light for westbound traffic on Britannia Road and
not actually at the eastbound traffic light that the defendant would have
been looking at, when Pacheco said he observed the defendant’s vehicle
enter the intersection from the westside of the intersection.
(g) Jose Pacheco’s testimony
[143] If Jose Pacheco’s testimony is cogent and reliable, then his observations
alone could prove the defendant had committed the offence of “red light –
fail to stop”.
[144] This also brings us to another critical aspect of this trial, which is the
importance of cross-examination in a trial to test not only Jose Pacheco’s
ability to perceive or recollect an event but also his ability to adequately
communicate what he had observed. The ability to communicate or to
properly articulate what one observes also includes the issue of using the
common language of the community and the court, which at times
33
)IILnaC(
072
JCNO
1102

necessitates asking a witness to explain or clarify the specific meaning of a
word or words used by that witness in their oral testimony.
[145] The following is the testimony of Jose Pacheco given under examination-in-
chief and under cross-examination, which is relevant and critical to proving
the defendant committed the offence in question [emphasis is mine below]:
Examination-in-chief of Jose Pacheco:
Q. If you could start from the beginning and just tell us what happened.
What intersection were you at?
A. I was on Erin Mills Parkway going north at Britannia Road. I was at
the red light to proceed north, to go north. Light was turning green
for me or the lights were turning yellow to red. Then I was waiting for
my green. And as I was getting ready to go I witnessed a car going
through the intersection on a red light and hit the girls.
…
Cross-examination of Jose Pacheco:
Q. So how much time goes by after the light turns red that you see this
car that you’ve described to us?
A. A couple of seconds.
…
Q. So it’s your evidence then it was all red when you see this car go
through. Is that fair to say?
A. Yes.
…
Q. Did you actually see the grey car enter the intersection?
A. Yes. I actually witnessed him braking and then accelerating ’cause I
watched a car kind of brake and then I watched it go back up as he
went through the light. He was going to stop but he decided not to
stop and that’s why he caught my attention, ’cause I was watching him
and kind of cursing him going through the intersection.
[146] Upon reviewing this testimony, Jose Pacheco did testify about observing
the defendant’s vehicle enter the intersection and seeing “a car going
34
)IILnaC(
072
JCNO
1102

through the intersection on a red light”. However, what did Pacheco mean
when he referred to an “intersection” and what did he mean when he used
the words “going through the intersection” and what did he mean when he
replied in the affirmative to the statement, “it was all red when you see this
car go through”? And, in particular, did Pacheco unequivocally state where
he had observed the defendant’s vehicle in relation to where motorists are
required to stop on the westside of the intersection when the traffic light
governing traffic on Britannia Road West changes to red?
(h) For the purposes of s. 144(18), what does the word “intersection”
refer to?
[147] Basically, this question is critical in resolving whether the Crown has proven
the defendant committed the red light offence beyond a reasonable doubt.
Therefore, when Jose Pacheco mentioned seeing the defendant’s vehicle
go through the intersection on a red light, what did he mean by
“intersection”? The answer to this inquiry is vital because the meaning of
“intersection” for the purposes of the Highway Traffic Act and for the red
light offence under s. 144(18), may not have the same meaning as to what
Pacheco perceives or interprets an intersection to be.
[148] The general definition for “intersection” is found in s. 1(1) of the Highway
Traffic Act, R.S.O. 1990, c. H.8, and provides that:
“intersection” means the area embraced within the prolongation or
connection of the lateral curb lines or, if none, then of the lateral
boundary lines of two or more highways that join one another at an
angle, whether or not one highway crosses the other;
[149] However, within the section of the Highway Traffic Act that contains the “red
light – fail to stop” offence, “intersection” has been given a broader meaning
for the provisions or offences set out in s. 144. Under s. 144(1),
“intersection” is specifically defined to also include a pedestrian crosswalk if
there is one marked on the road surface:
Traffic control signals and pedestrian control signals
144(1) In this section,
…
“intersection” includes any portion of a highway indicated by
markings on the surface of the roadway as a crossing place for
pedestrians; (“intersection”)
[150] In addition, the Highway Traffic Act by virtue of s. 144(5), sets out locations
where a motorist is required to stop at when facing a red light. Section
144(5) sets out three scenarios which apply to all motorists. For the first
35
)IILnaC(
072
JCNO
1102

scenario, a motorist is required to stop at the “sign or roadway marking
indicating where the stop is to be made”, if there is a sign or roadway
marking. Roadway markings normally refer to the white stop line painted on
the road surface. For the second scenario, if there is no sign or roadway
marking, such as a painted white stop line, then the motorist is required to
stop immediately before the nearest crosswalk, if there is a crosswalk
painted on the road surface. And for the third scenario, if there is neither a
sign, stop line or crosswalk, then the motorist is required to stop
immediately before entering the “intersection”:
Where to stop – intersection
144(5) A driver who is directed by a traffic control signal erected at an
intersection to stop his or her vehicle shall stop,
(a) at the sign or roadway marking indicating where the stop
is to be made;
(b) if there is no sign or marking, immediately before
entering the nearest crosswalk; or
(c) if there is no sign, marking or crosswalk, immediately
before entering the intersection.
[151] To be clear, if there is no sign, stop line, or crosswalk, then a motorist is
required to stop immediately before entering the intersection, which would
be the “intersection” defined in s. 1(1) of the Highway Traffic Act and not the
broader definition of “intersection” set out in s. 144(1). In the case at bar,
because there is a white painted stop line on the road surface, then as
mandated by s. 144(5)(a) the defendant is required to stop at that stop line
or road marking. Furthermore, since there is a pedestrian crosswalk on the
westside of the intersection, s. 144(1) comes into play, and as a result,
“intersection” for the purposes of any issues that may arise regarding
provisions set out in s. 144 would refer to the broader definition of
“intersection” that includes the pedestrian crosswalk.
[152] Thus, if the defendant would have been facing a red light while travelling
eastbound on Britannia Road West at Erin Mills Parkway he would have
been required under s. 144(5)(a) to stop at the white stop line painted on
the road surface on the westside of the intersection. Moreover, if the
credible evidence clearly shows that when the traffic light in question had
turned to red and the defendant’s vehicle was still west of the stop line, then
without a doubt the defendant would be guilty of committing the red light
offence.
[153] However, is there any credible evidence adduced that shows the
defendant’s motor vehicle had been still west of the stop line when the
36
)IILnaC(
072
JCNO
1102

eastbound traffic light had changed to red? Remember, only one of the four
independent witnesses who testified actually observed the colour of the
traffic light for traffic on Britannia Road West. Ergo, the question that needs
to be resolved is whether that sole witness actually stated clearly, as to
where the defendant’s vehicle had been in relation to the stop line for
eastbound traffic on Britannia Road West when the light had changed to
show a red indication.
[154] Furthermore, in reviewing the testimony of Jose Pacheco, the only witness
who testified to observing the colour of the traffic light for traffic on Britannia
Road West, Pacheco had stated, “I witnessed a car going through the
intersection on a red light”. However, considering the makeup of the
intersection in question which required the defendant to stop before or at
the white stop line, what did Pacheco mean when he referred to witnessing
the defendant going through the intersection on a red light? Did Pacheco's
reference to “intersection” have the same meaning as the legal definition for
intersection under s. 1(1), or the intersection that includes the pedestrian
crosswalk defined by s. 144(1), or did he mean the area east of the white
stop line? Thus, testing this particular witness’ ability to adequately
communicate his observations is crucial to the outcome of this trial, and as
such, is it unambiguous what Pacheco had meant when he used the word
“intersection”?
[155] In addition, when Pacheco was asked, “how much time goes by after the
light turns red that you see this car?”, he answered, “a couple of seconds”,
but Pacheco did not say in his reply where he saw the car positioned when
the light had turned red. Therefore, this statement is not evidence of the
defendant’s culpability or proof that the defendant’s vehicle was still west of
the stop line when the light for the defendant had changed to red. However,
if Pacheco would have testified that a couple of seconds had gone by after
seeing the light turn red when he observed the defendant’s vehicle enter the
intersection, that may have been enough to prove the defendant’s vehicle
has still been west of the stop line when the light had turned red,
considering the defendant had said his vehicle had been travelling between
60 to 70 k.p.h. and by going at that speed for two seconds would have
placed the defendant’s vehicle quite some distance west of the stop line
and would have likely left no doubt the defendant’s vehicle would still have
been west of the stop line when the light changed to red. Or, if evidence
had been adduced about the dimensions of the crosswalk, lanes,
intersection, or the distance of the stop line to the crosswalk or to the west
curb line, then it could have been reasonably inferred where the defendant’s
vehicle was situated when the light changed to red.
[156] Furthermore, Pacheco had agreed with the suggestion put to him that the
lights were “all red when you see this car go through”, but what was
Pacheco referring to when he said he observed the car “go through”? Was
37
)IILnaC(
072
JCNO
1102

Pacheco talking about observing the defendant’s vehicle passing the stop
line; or passing the west curb line of Erin Mills Parkway, which is where the
intersection would start according to s. 1(1); or did he mean the entire
length of the intersection from the westside to the eastside; or had he been
referring to some point in the intersection? Again, Pacheco’s affirmation to
this suggestion is not proof that the defendant’s vehicle was still west of the
stop line when the light for the defendant had changed to red.
[157] Moreover, Pacheco testified that, “I watched it go back up as he went
through the light”, but what did Pacheco mean when he said “went through
the light”? Was Pacheco referring to the colour of the light or the
intersection?
[158] To reiterate, without that evidence of where the defendant’s vehicle had
been situated in relation to the stop line when the eastbound traffic light had
changed to red, the Crown would not be able to prove beyond a reasonable
doubt that the defendant had committed the offence in question. In other
words, the traffic light for the defendant could have been still amber when
the defendant’s vehicle crossed the white stop line and then turned to red
when the vehicle was approaching the westside pedestrian crosswalk or
turned red before going past the west curb line of Erin Mills Parkway.
[159] Therefore, since Pacheco never stated clearly where the defendant’s
vehicle had been in relation to the stop line for eastbound traffic when the
light for the defendant had turned red, the Crown has not proven that the
defendant committed the “red light -- fail to stop” offence beyond a
reasonable doubt. However, this does not mean that the defendant’s
testimony about entering on a green light now is suddenly cloaked with
credibility. That is to say, just because the testimony from Pacheco is not
clear and missing a statement on the position of where he observed the
defendant’s vehicle in relation to the stop line when the light turned red,
does not now mean that the defendant had crossed the stop line on a green
light, considering that Pacheco’s observations of the defendant’s vehicle
just before the collision, including seeing the light turning red, Pacheco’s
conclusion that the defendant entered the intersection improperly when the
defendant had enough time to stop, and his observations that the
defendant’s vehicle “kind of brake and then I watched it go back up as he
went through the light” are more consistent with the defendant’s vehicle
crossing the stop line on an amber or red light than on a green light. In
addition, the action of the defendant increasing his speed near an
intersection controlled by traffic lights is consistent with a typical motorist,
who upon seeing an amber light increases their vehicle’s speed in order to
not commit a red light offence.
[160] On the other hand, if the intersection at Britannia Road West and Erin Mills
Parkway did not have painted stop lines or painted crosswalks, then Jose
38
)IILnaC(
072
JCNO
1102

Pacheco’s statement in which he stated, “I witnessed a car going through
the intersection on a red light”, would likely have been sufficient to support a
finding of guilt beyond a reasonable doubt, since the defendant would have
been required to stop for a red light before crossing the west curb line of
Erin Mills Parkway under s. 144(5)(c) and an intersection in that
hypothetical would be the intersection defined under s. 1(1) of the Highway
Traffic Act.
(i) Conflicting evidence and the guidance of R. v. W. (D.)
[161] To reiterate, the main question to be resolved is whether the Crown has met
its burden in proving beyond a reasonable doubt that the defendant has
committed the actus reus of the offence. In deciding if the Crown has
proven the “red light – fail to stop” charge beyond a reasonable doubt, I
need to rely on the Supreme Court of Canada’s guidance in R. v. W. (D.),
[1994] 3 S.C.R. 521, [1994] S.C.J. No. 91 (QL), since there is the issue of
credibility and conflicting evidence adduced between the defence and the
Crown and on whether the defendant had entered the intersection on a red
or green light.
[162] Cory J. in R. v. W. (D.), at para. 23 of [1994] S.C.J. No. 91 (QL), had
established three scenarios in which the trier of fact could acquit an
accused or defendant: First of all, if the trier of fact believes the evidence of
the accused then there must be an acquittal. Secondly, if the testimony of
the accused is not believed, but the trier of fact is still left with reasonable
doubt by that testimony, then the trier of fact must also acquit. And thirdly,
even if the testimony from the accused itself does not create reasonable
doubt, then the trier of fact must still be convinced beyond a reasonable
doubt on the accepted evidence adduced in the trial that the accused is
guilty of committing the offence:
First, if you believe the evidence of the accused, obviously you must
acquit. Second, if you do not believe the testimony of the accused but
you are left in reasonable doubt by it, you must acquit. Third, even if
you are not left in doubt by the evidence of the accused, you must ask
yourself whether, on the basis of the evidence which you do accept,
you are convinced beyond a reasonable doubt by that evidence of the
guilt of the accused.
[163] Moreover, Professor Healy’s dissertation entitled, “Credibility and the
Presumption of Innocence”, (2007) 11 Can. Crim. L.R. 217, provides a
helpful explanation about the underlying objective of the criteria established
in R. v. W. (D.). At p. 217 of his dissertation, Professor Healy (before his
appointment to the bench) reviews the issue of credibility of witnesses’
testimony and the guidance established by the Supreme Court in R. v. W.
(D.) and concludes that R. v. W. (D.) affirmed that where there is a conflict
between exculpatory evidence and other evidence, the trier of fact is not
39
)IILnaC(
072
JCNO
1102

obliged to choose between the competing evidence, but has to assess all of
the evidence on the whole of the case in determining whether the Crown
has met its burden of proving the offence beyond a reasonable doubt:
W. (.D.) affirmed that where there is a conflict between exculpatory
evidence and other evidence the trier of fact is not obliged to choose
between the competing assertions but to assess all of the evidence
on the whole of the case in determining whether the prosecution has
met its burden of proving the offence beyond a reasonable doubt.
This clarification gives full effect to the burden and standard of proof
in criminal cases.
…
The principle in W. (D.) is a particularized expression of the
presumption of innocence. The general rule, of course, is that the
prosecution is required to prove the guilt of the accused beyond a
reasonable doubt on the whole of the evidence.
If, at the end of and on the whole of the case, there is
reasonable doubt, created by the evidence given by either
the prosecution or the prisoner, … the prosecution has not
made out the case and the prisoner is entitled to an
acquittal.
[164] Furthermore, Professor Healy, at p. 218-220 of his dissertation, also
emphasized that Cory’s three questions established in R. v. W. (D.) are not
a “mandatory form” or “ritual incantation” or a “standard of strict compliance”
that must be expressed by the trier of fact in each case where credibility is
in issue. Instead, Healy states Cory J. intended that the three queries
would provide guidance to the trier of fact for determining whether the
prosecution has proven guilt beyond a reasonable doubt on the whole of the
case:
The directions stated by Cory J. in W. (D.) were intended to provide
guidance on the application of this basic principle in cases where
credibility is in issue. … It was intended specifically to address the
case where there is a conflict between the testimony of two or more
witnesses, and even more specifically where one of those witnesses is
the accused who gives exculpatory testimony. …
The words used in W. (D.) were suggestions of the manner in which a
direction might be given. Cory J. did not impose a mandatory form of
words in W. (D.), and subsequently tried to emphasize this point. But a
good measure of litigation on W. (D.) over the past 15 years has
proceeded on the premise that “ritual incantation” of the three
paragraphs might at least be at least a mark of prudence, if not the
better part of wisdom Indeed, it is convenient and prudent for many
judges to refer to those paragraphs in their directions or reasons, and
they cannot be faulted for this. Nevertheless, the rule in the case was
40
)IILnaC(
072
JCNO
1102

not that those paragraphs should be repeated but that some direction
on the application of the standard of proof to credibility must be given
where credibility is in issue. …
… At its core the decision said only that trial judges, with or without a
jury, must explain that the requirement for proof beyond a reasonable
doubt applies to the whole of the case, and that they have a discretion
to do this as they see fit. The antithesis of this is the suggestion that W.
(D.) expresses a formula that compels compliance. … It is regrettable
that a proposal for guidance should be mistaken, by counsel or anyone
else, for a standard of strict compliance.
[165] In addition, Professor Healy at pp. 221-222 of his dissertation confirms that
credibility is not a fact in issue nor an element of the offence, but is a
concept that refers to the qualitative assessment of evidence by the trier of
fact:
While credibility is without question a matter for the trier of fact, it is
not a fact in issue. Nor is it an element of either an offence or a
defence. Credibility, like weight, is a concept that refers to the
qualitative assessment of evidence by the trier of fact. It would be
wrong to assert that the credibility of a witness has to be proved
beyond a reasonable doubt, on a balance of probabilities, or indeed
on any other standard. …
The credibility of the witness is not a fact in issue that must be proved
to any standard. The credibility of every witness on every issue must
be taken into account in determining whether there remains any
doubt, on the whole of the evidence, at the end of the case. …
This is in no way to diminish the importance of credibility in the fact-
finding process. The trier of fact must have confidence in the
credibility of a witness to give her testimony any weight. Indeed, if
that witness is the sole source of evidence on an essential element of
the offence, the prosecution will fail if that testimony is not accepted
as proof beyond reasonable doubt of that element. … In short, the
trier of fact cannot rely on evidence that lacks any credibility but, at
the same time, a conclusion that the witness is credible is not
sufficient basis to assert that the witness’s testimony proves a fact in
issue.
The credibility of a witness is the degree to which the trier of fact
considers that a person is worthy of belief in his or her assertions of
fact under oath. It is a measure of the quality of the evidence given.
There are many reasons for which the credibility of a witness might
be impugned. The testimony might be less credible because the
witness is honestly mistaken, confused, dissembling or lying. It might
lack credit if the witness’s ability to perceive, recall or articulate is
challenged.
41
)IILnaC(
072
JCNO
1102

[166] Moreover, Professor Healy reminds us at pp. 224-225 of his dissertation
that care must be used when speaking about the acceptance or rejection of
testimonial evidence for reasons relating to credibility. Healy points out as
well that the acceptance or rejection of a witness’s testimony, in whole or in
part, does not settle the question of the standard of proof on the whole of
the case:
Considerable care must be used when speaking about the
acceptance or rejection of testimonial evidence for reasons relating to
credibility. This was what lay at the core of the forbidden dichotomy
that the Court sought to eliminate in W. (D.) The trier of fact must not
be told to accept one witness’s version over another in assessing the
evidence on the whole of the case. Having assessed the evidence,
the trier of fact could conceivably do exactly that, but the error lies in
suggesting that the trier of fact must do that in cases of conflict.
Neither the acceptance nor rejection of a witness’s testimony, in
whole or part, settles the question of the standard of proof on the
whole of the case. If the trier of fact concludes that some or all of a
witness’s testimony is more believable than that of another witness
on the same point, either might still leave reasonable doubt. And, of
course, both might be false.
…
The rejection of a witness’s testimony generally means only that it will
be given no weight by the tier of fact.
…
It is for this reason that trial judges sitting without a jury must ensure
that their reasons contain no conclusory statements about the
acceptance of rejection of a witness’s testimony. Statements such as
“I preferred the testimony of W”, “I accept the version of W”, or “I
reject the testimony of W” are all assertions about the result of a
process of reasoning. They might be fully justified in the
circumstances but they will be open to challenge if they do not
disclose the steps that lead to these conclusions. This is the value of
W.(D.). It interposes between the witness’s testimony and the
judge’s conclusions a requirement to explain why credibility justifies
the conclusion that weight should be given to some, all or none of a
witness’s testimony.
[167] And, at pp. 220-221 of his dissertation, Professor Healy also discusses in
what situation or situations would the guidance in R. v. W. (D.) be
applicable [emphasis is mine below]:
The three directions in W. (D.) presuppose that the accused has
given exculpatory testimony and that some there is some conflict
between his testimony and that of other witnesses. But this is not the
only instance in which the principle in W. (D.) would apply. There
could be a conflict between the testimony of two or more Crown
witnesses, some of which might be exculpatory, whether or not the
accused testifies or even calls evidence. There could be a conflict
42
)IILnaC(
072
JCNO
1102

between the evidence of two defence witnesses. Even in the
absence of a direct conflict between the testimony of two witnesses,
there could be some scope for the larger principle in W. (D.) to apply
where there is a problem of credibility in the testimony of a single
witness for the Crown that is not contradicted (except perhaps
challenged in cross-examination) by any evidence called for the
defence.
… There is no doubt that the rule in W. (D.) applies in any case
where the accused gives exculpatory testimony and her evidence
conflicts in a material particular with the testimony of any other
witness on the same point. Although not expressly stated in W. (D.),
the same principle applies where there is a conflict between
inculpatory and exculpatory testimony of two or more witnesses.
Even in the absence of a conflict between inculpatory and
exculpatory testimony, the wider principles that animate W. (D.) can
apply where the credibility of a single witness could raise a
reasonable doubt on the whole of the case.
In short, the underlying concern addressed by Cory J. arises
wherever the credibility of a witness could give rise to a reasonable
doubt on the whole of the evidence. The direction in W. (D.)
specifically address the case where A has testified and that evidence
conflicts with other evidence that has been heard. But it would be a
mistake to think that this is the only instance in which the requirement
of proof beyond a reasonable doubt is germane to credibility. A
prudent judge will acknowledge that this requirement is engaged in
any instance where the assessment of credibility could leave a
reasonable doubt in the mind of the trier of fact.
[168] Finally, Professor Healy reiterates in his dissertation’s summary, at pp. 230-
231, that the principle that animates R. v. W. (D.) is whether the evidence in
a case discloses a reason for the trier of fact to have reasonable doubt on
the whole of the case. He also concludes that R. v. W. (D.) is a
particularized expression of the presumption of innocence and that it is
concerned with the application of the standard of proof on the whole of the
evidence at the end of the case. Healy also provides us with five reasons in
which the trier of fact could find that there is reasonable doubt on the guilt of
the accused or defendant on the whole of the case, when there is an issue
of credibility:
The presumption of innocence applies in every case, which means
that the prosecution must prove beyond a reasonable doubt every
element of the offence and disprove to the same standard any
defence raised by the evidence.
This is the larger principle that animates W. (D.)—whether the
evidence in a case discloses a reason for the trier of fact to have a
reasonable doubt on the whole of the case.
43
)IILnaC(
072
JCNO
1102

W. (D.) is a particularized expression of the presumption of
innocence that arises where credibility is in issue with regard to a
conflict between exculpatory testimony and the prosecution case.
W. (D.) applies wherever there is a conflict or inconsistency in
testimony on an element of the offence or defence. The larger
principle also applies in the absence of conflict or inconsistency if for
some reason the testimony of a witness is inherently weak.
…
W. (D.) is concerned with the application of the standard of proof on
the whole of the evidence at the end of the case. The question is
whether there is reasonable doubt with regard to an element of the
offence or a defence.
The principle in W. (D.) is concerned with one question for the trier of
fact: Does the issue of credibility give you a reason to have a
reasonable doubt of A’s guilt on the whole of the case? There are
five reasons to say Yes.
1. I am not persuaded beyond a reasonable doubt by the
prosecution witnesses of A’s guilt.
2. I believe the exculpatory testimony of the defence witnesses
and thus the prosecution case is not proved beyond
reasonable doubt.
3. Even if I do not believe it, the exculpatory testimony leaves
me with a reasonable doubt.
4. Even if I do not believe the exculpatory evidence, I do not
know what or whom to believe on the essential elements of
this case, and thus I have a reasonable doubt on the whole
of the case.
5. Even if I do not believe the exculpatory testimony, when I
consider all of the evidence in this case, I am not persuaded
of A’s guilt beyond a reasonable doubt.
Paragraph 1 is subsumed in paragraphs 4 and 5, and between
themselves paragraphs 4 and 5 are strictly redundant, but this is the
full range of possibilities covered by the general principle in W. (D.)
Any one of these five answers will compel an acquittal.
[169] With regards to the testimony of the only witness who even observed the
colour of the traffic lights which related to the “red light – fail to stop” charge,
Jose Pacheco has been credible and in the proper position to have
observed the defendant committing the offence. Furthermore, Pacheco had
an unobstructed view of the intersection from his vantage point while sitting
in a truck that was first in line, waiting for his own light to turn green, and
that his attention had been on the colour of the light for traffic on Britannia
Road about the time he observed the defendant’s vehicle on Britannia
Road. Moreover, Pacheco’s mistake in incorrectly stating the time of day
44
)IILnaC(
072
JCNO
1102

when the offence occurred does not undermine his credibility, since it is a
detail that could have been affected by the passage of time. However,
despite Pacheco’s unobstructed vantage point to observe and his particular
attention to the traffic light for Britannia Road West and himself being
adamant about the defendant improperly proceeding through the
intersection in question, Pacheco did not equivocally state that he had
observed the defendant’s vehicle still being west of the stop line when the
traffic light had turned red for traffic on Britannia Road West. In addition,
his use of the term “intersection” does not necessarily mean he observed
the defendant’s vehicle still west of the stop line when the light turned to red
and his statement about the traffic lights being all red for two seconds when
the defendant’s vehicle “went through” also is not a clear statement of
where the defendant’s vehicle was when the light had turned to red.
Therefore, without cogent evidence of where the defendant’s vehicle was in
relation to the stop line when the light had turned red, the Crown would not
be able to prove the defendant had committed the offence beyond a
reasonable doubt.
[170] Finally, for the first aspect of the R. v. W. (D.) analysis, the defendant’s
testimony is not credible or believable about entering the intersection on a
green light and as for the second aspect of R. v. W. (D.) I am not left in
reasonable doubt by the totality of the defendant’s testimony. However, for
the third aspect of R. v. W. (D.), after considering all the evidence, which I
do accept, including Jose Pacheco’s credible evidence, I am not convinced
beyond a reasonable doubt by that evidence of the guilt of the accused that
he had failed to stop for a red light at the intersection in question.
7. DISPOSITION
[171] Accordingly, based on the totality of the evidence, I find that the Crown has
not met their burden of proving beyond a reasonable doubt that the
defendant, Brian Lacroix, has committed the offence of “red light – fail to
stop”, contrary to s. 144(18) of the Highway Traffic Act, R.S.O 1990, c. H.8.
Therefore, an acquittal will be entered.
Dated at the City of Brampton on May 20, 2011.
____________________________
QUON J.P.
Ontario Court of Justice
45
)IILnaC(
072
JCNO
1102
