ONTARIO COURT OF JUSTICE
DATE: 2015·12·10
COURT FILE No.: 3160 999 4148356B
CITATION: R. v. Ramkissoon, 2015 ONCJ 752
B E T W E E N :
HER MAJESTY THE QUEEN
— AND —
MICHELLE RAMKISSOON
Before Justice of the Peace M. Duggal
Heard on September 29 and October 30, 2015
Reasons for Judgment released on December 10, 2015
Mr. Widekowsky…………………………………….. Prosecutor
Mr. C. Hodgson............................................... Paralegal for the defendant, Mrs. Ramkissoon
JUSTICE OF THE PEACE DUGGAL
[1] Michelle Ramkissoon is charged that on April 10, 2015 at Main Street and
Queen Street, City of Brampton, with failing to stop for a red light contrary to Section
144(18) of the Highway Traffic Act. The matter is an absolute liability offence; see R.
v. Kurtzman, 31 M.V.R. (2d) 1, 66 C.C.C. (3d) 161.
[2] Mrs. Ramkissoon was arraigned and pled not guilty on September 29, 2015
at the Provincial Offences Court at 5 Ray Lawson, Brampton. The trial took place
over the course of two days on September 29, and October 30, 2015. Five witness-
es testified in the trial; the three witnesses who testified for the Prosecution were
Erynne Bertrand, Robert Hillier and Officer Connor Tokin. Mrs. Ramkissoon and Mr.
Latchman Hiralall testified for the defence. The case was adjourned to December
10, 2015 for reasons and judgment.
)IILnaC(
257
JCNO
5102

— 2 —
ISSUES BEFORE THE COURT
There are a number of issues beyond dispute. The issues beyond dispute relate to jurisdic-
tion, date and identity of the accused. The only issue in dispute is whether Mrs. Ramkis-
soon went thru a red light at Main and Queen Street. Since Mrs. Ramkissoon testified, I
must apply the W.D. analysis to the totality of the evidence. Cory J., writing for the majority
in R v W(D), [1991] 1 SCR 742 [W(D)], held as follows:
First, if you believe the evidence of the accused, obviously you must acquit.
Secondly, if you do not believe the testimony of the accused but you are left in reasonable
doubt by it, you must acquit.
Thirdly, even if you are not left in doubt by the evidence of the accused, you must ask your-
self whether, on the basis of the evidence which you do accept, you are convinced beyond
a reasonable doubt by that evidence of the guilt of the accused
[3] In assessing the evidence, I am not allowed to prefer one person’s evi-
dence over another person. In addition, I will not assess the Prosecution evidence
first should there be a danger of accepting the Prosecution evidence before consid-
ering the defence case. In applying W.D., I would not characterize this case as a he
said-she said type of case but rather a he said-she said type of case with testimony
from an independent witness, Mr. Hillier and post-accident observations of the traffic
lights functionality by Officer Tokin. In other words, I must look at Mrs. Ramkissoon’s
evidence in the totality of the evidence presented.
EVIDENCE FOR THE PROSECUTION
[4] Three witnesses testified for the Prosecution: Erynne Bertrand, Robert Hilli-
er and Officer Connor Tokin.
EVIDENCE OF ERYNNE BERTRAND
[5] On April 10, 2015, Ms. Erynne Bertrand was travelling by car southbound
on Highway 10 from Orangeville towards Brampton; Highway 10 consists of two lane
lanes southbound and Ms. Bertrand was travelling in the left lane. Highway 10, aka
Queen Street, and Main Street is controlled by stoplights. The light was green as
she was approaching the intersection of 10 and Main and had been green for about
100 meters but she was not exactly sure.
[6] Ms. Bertrand was proceeding on a green light and was travelling 70 kilo-
metres an hour. It was 6:45 am; traffic was heavy. It had rained the night before the
roads were a little wet and the light was dim – she had her headlights on.
)IILnaC(
257
JCNO
5102

There are a number of issues beyond dispute. The issues beyond dispute relate to jurisdic-
tion, date and identity of the accused. The only issue in dispute is whether Mrs. Ramkis-
soon went thru a red light at Main and Queen Street. Since Mrs. Ramkissoon testified, I
must apply the W.D. analysis to the totality of the evidence. Cory J., writing for the majority
in R v W(D), [1991] 1 SCR 742 [W(D)], held as follows:
First, if you believe the evidence of the accused, obviously you must acquit.
Secondly, if you do not believe the testimony of the accused but you are left in reasonable
doubt by it, you must acquit.
Thirdly, even if you are not left in doubt by the evidence of the accused, you must ask your-
self whether, on the basis of the evidence which you do accept, you are convinced beyond
a reasonable doubt by that evidence of the guilt of the accused

— 3 —
[7] As she was travelling south on Queen Street and going through the green
light, a grey car came out of nowhere from her right side on Queen street and hit the
front driver’s side of her car. The unknown car came from the right passenger side
and Ms. Bertrand’s side, the left side, the driver’s front side.
[8] When asked how the car not did hit the passenger’s side of the car first,
Ms. Bertrand could not recall. Ms. Bertrand testified that, “I was just going through
and that’s how we collided”. She tried to brake and thought the car veered more or
less to the left but she could not specifically recall. The collision took place in the
middle of the intersection. After the collision, Ms. Bertrand was in shock because
she had obviously been hit – she stopped and just looked around in the intersection
for a couple of seconds, didn’t see the other car and proceeded to the first available
road she felt safe. At the safe road, Ms. Bertrand assessed the damage. She
brought her car to a stop on right side of Frederick Street, a distance of .6 miles from
the scene of the collision and called the police. The police eventually came.
[9] On Frederick Street, Ms. Bertrand got out and looked at her car. Ms. Ber-
trand was in a state of shock; she didn’t think that as she was going through a green
she would be hit by a car.
[10] Ms. Bertrand suffered soft tissue injuries in the upper chest and back. From
her vantage point on Frederick Street, she was not able to see the intersection
where the collision took place.
CROSS EXAMINATION OF EVELYN BERTRAND
[11] The car that struck Ms. Bertrand appeared to come from nowhere because
Ms. Bertrand was going through a green and was in shock. Her testimony was that,
“I’m going through an intersection and I see a car coming out of nowhere; the vehi-
cle that struck her was travelling from the west going in an eastbound direction”.
[12] Ms. Bertrand could not recall what portion of the other driver’s vehicle was
struck nor could she recall whether the bumper came off a car. After getting out of
the car, she saw the radiator and noticed the front part of the car was gone. Ms.
Bertrand did not see if any pieces were missing.
[13] Ms. Bertrand restated the car was coming from the west going eastbound
but could not identify which eastbound lane. Ms. Bertrand was certain her light was
green. When asked whether she was aware of the law of remaining at the scene of
an accident, Ms. Bertrand knew of the law did not think it applied to her since she
called the police.
[14] Ms. Bertrand did not return to the scene of the accident because she was in
shock at the scene of the accident and did not want to be rear ended. That is why
she continued to the first available street where she felt safe. Ms. Bertrand was not
able to identify Mrs. Ramkisson but identified a grey car. At the time of the collision,
Ms. Bertrand checked her rear-view mirror for a couple of seconds, looking up and
)IILnaC(
257
JCNO
5102

— 4 —
around and went thru the intersection to a safe spot.
[15] A police officer named Rizzi spoke to her and the officer who spoke to her
was not in court. Ms. Bertrand was not able to identify what part of the other vehicle
struck her car because it happened so quickly; Ms. Bertrand drove down Highway
10 every day and was going through an intersection on a green light and a car came
out of nowhere and struck her. The collision happened so quickly. Before the acci-
dent she did not see the other car because Ms. Bertrand’s light was green.
RE-EXAMINATION OF EVELYN BERTRAND
[16] Large portions of Ms. Bertrand’s evidence on re-examination were the
product of leading questions. I place little weight on her evidence in re-examination.
On re-examination, Ms. Bertrand was travelling through the intersection at Main
Street; a car travelling from the west to the east struck her. It is not possible that the
car that struck Ms. Bertrand came from either the north or the west. The car that hit
her did not come from the north.
[17] Another example of a leading question was the diagram which was entered
as Exhibit 1. The Prosecutor drew the diagram, not the witness and proceeded to
ask the witness to identify the portion of the vehicle where the car was damaged.
The diagram was not the witness’ diagram. I place little weight on this part of the ev-
idence as it was leading in nature. No objection was taken to the Prosecutor tender-
ing this evidence.
EVIDENCE OF ROB HILLIER
[18] On April 10, 2015, around 7 am, Rob Hillier was a witness to a motor vehi-
cle collision. Mr. Hillier was a pedestrian on the northwest corner of Queen and Hu-
rontario in the city of Brampton. The intersection is controlled by a stoplight. Mr.
Hillier was walking southbound and the color of the light for pedestrian traffic was a
green walking symbol; the traffic light for southbound traffic was also green. Traffic
was busy.
[19] Mr. Hillier was about to step off the curb when he heard a car hit the gas to
go through the light; he was drawn to eastbound traffic. Mr. Hillier heard the sound of
a revving of an engine. He looked straight ahead in relation to the noise of the rev-
ving vehicle. The vehicle was travelling eastbound in the left lane; there are two
lanes for eastbound traffic. The eastbound vehicle first stopped at the light and then
it accelerated through the red light. The light for southbound traffic was still green.
[20] Mr. Hillier testified that a red Cobalt travelling southbound hit a grey vehicle
travelling from the west; the left quarter of the red Cobalt struck the eastbound car.
The grey eastbound car was struck on the left rear driver’s side. After both cars col-
lided, the grey car spun and travelled east to the other side of the intersection while
the Red Cobalt kept driving. Part of the Red Cobalt’s bumper remained in the inter-
section. After the grey car stopped on the east side of the intersection, Mr. Hillier
)IILnaC(
257
JCNO
5102

— 5 —
called 911. He neither approached the grey car nor did he ever see the driver of the
grey car.
CROSS EXAMINATION
[21] Mr. Hillier saw a Grey Camry travelling eastbound; the southbound car was
red Cobalt. Mr. Hillier did not know who was driving the eastbound car. The east-
bound car had damage to the rear driver’s side. Mr. Hillier was on the extreme cor-
ner of Highway 10 and Queen and was waiting to cross the street; he observed
quite a few cars go southbound as it appeared busy. The accident was around 6:45
a.m.
[22] After calling 911, Mr. Hillier never spoke to anyone other than the police of-
ficer as he saw no point in speaking to anyone else.
EVIDENCE OF OFFICER CONNOR TOKIN
[23] Officer Connor Tokin was working in uniform patrol on April 10, 2015 from 7
am to 5 pm. The officer was dispatched to a motor vehicle accident at the intersec-
tion of Main Street and Brampton. When he arrived on the scene, the fire depart-
ment was already assessing for injuries. There was one motor vehicle – a Grey
Toyota 2014, but he did not make a note of the make of the car. The grey Toyota
was east of the intersection off to the side of Queen Street on the south side. The
officer spoke to the driver of the Grey Toyota who identified herself with a valid driv-
er’s licence; at trial, the officer identified the defendant in the body of the court.
[24] The officer had a conversation Ms. Ramkisson and then shortly afterwards
spoke with Mr. Rob Hillier. The officer did not speak with anyone else at the scene.
He was at the intersection about 15 minutes. The officer observed damage to the
Grey Toyota on the quarter front panel area of the driver’s side. There was also ac-
cident debris consisting of a piece from the red vehicle laying in the intersection.
[25] Based on his radio calls that came at the same time, another police car was
dispatched to Frederick and Main Street. All of this hearsay was introduced to pro-
vide the officer’s grounds in relation to the accident he was investigating.
[26] The intersection at Main Street and Queen is controlled by a set of traffic
lights. During the 15 minute period that he was dealing with the accident, the officer
observed the lights periodically and the lights were functioning properly. Officer Tokin
did not observe any malfunctions. If he had observed the lights operating improperly,
he would have had to notify GUILD and he would have directed traffic himself to
prevent any accident or disruption of traffic. Officer Tokin did not have to do that.
[27] The officer could not recall if the intersection on Main and Queen was part
of his general patrol but it is part of his jurisdiction at 22 Division. There are yellow
divider lines between the north and south lanes on Main; Main Street has four lanes
in total with 2 lanes northbound and 2 southbound. The north and southbound lanes
)IILnaC(
257
JCNO
5102

— 6 —
are cars parked on the curbed lanes of for parked cars. The same yellow markings
regulate east/west traffic on Queen Street. There are no left hand turns on east or
westbound Queen at all times of the day.
[28] As a result of the conversation with Mr. Hillier and the driver of the Toyota,
the officer issued a Provincial Offences Notice to Ms. Ramkisson for red light, fail to
stop.
CROSS EXAMINATION
[29] Officer Tokin acknowledged that his notes set out a different chronology in
terms of his investigation. The notes indicate he spoke to Mr. Hillier before speaking
to Ms. Ramkissoon when in fact the converse occurred.
[30] The officer checked the lights cycle about five times. The lights for east and
westbound traffic on Queen were concurrently green; while the east/west lights were
green, the north and southbound lights governing Hurontario were red. Officer Tokin
made these observations of all the lights while he was standing on the southeast
corner of the intersection.
[31] Officer Tokin noted the damage to the defendant’s car was on rear driver’s
side back area, the area behind the rear passenger door area. When the officer ar-
rived at the intersection, he observed a good portion of the front bumper of the other
car; the red piece of the other car was by the defendant’s car. The officer did not
observe the collision; he took some investigative steps to establish that the red de-
bris was connected to the motor vehicle on Frederick Street.
[32] The Prosecutor closed its case and the trial resumed on October 30, 2015.
EVIDENCE OF MICHELLE RAMKISSOON
[33] Ms. Ramkisson testified she was in an accident at Hwy 10 and Queen. The
defendant lives 10 minutes away from Highway 10; on April 10, the road conditions
were a little damp. The defendant made a right onto Queen from Credit View, and
was travelling eastbound on Queen. Prior to arriving at the intersection, she trav-
elled through major intersections observing all traffic lights – she had no problem
bring her car to stop at intersection. The speed limit on Queen was 50 kilometres
and she was travelling 50 kilometres an hour.
[34] When Ms. Ramkissoon approached the intersection, the light was red; the
defendant stopped at the intersection and observed a pedestrian crossing the street.
At that point, the movement of traffic was traffic was going north and south. The de-
fendant was in the passing lane.
[35] The red light turned green and the defendant proceeded thru the green
light. From her left side, the defendant saw a red car; the defendant got hit and be-
)IILnaC(
257
JCNO
5102

— 7 —
lieves the other car kept going south bound on Main.
[36] Ms. Ramkissoon was scared and felt panicked; her car ended up in the
eastbound lane facing west. She called the police. The time of the accident was 6:50
and she called the police at 6:53 am. After calling the police, she called her hus-
band. A tow truck showed up.
[37] The only interaction with the police was furnishing a driver’s licence through
the fire department; there was damage to the rear passenger side of the car.
[38] My car was hit on driver’s side, bumper fell off. Light was green; stopped,
pedestrian was south going
[39] The defendant stopped at the light on Queen for Street for 2-3 minutes; the
light was first yellow and then turned red.
[40] Mrs. Ramkissoon’s car is a dark grey, like charcoal not silver in color. In re-
ply to Mr. Hiller’s evidence of a car revving up, the car beside the defendant was a
pick-up truck and made the roaring noise. The defendant’s car is a 4 cylinder.
[41] The defendant described Mr. Hillier’s evidence as not accurate and con-
firmed that I had had a clear intersection facing eastbound; Ms. Ramkissoon noted
the other car did not remain at the scene of the accident.
CROSS EXAMINATION OF MS. RAMKISSOON
[42] On cross, Ms. Ramkissoon testified the light was red for northbound traffic ;
a pedestrian was walking south and she did not know who the pedestrian was.
There were a bunch of pedestrians cross the street. The light turned green – a pe-
destrian was going south.
[43] There were nine to ten cross lights she observed before entering the inter-
section at Queen and Main; she has lived in Brampton since 2003, was licenced in
2000 and always driven a car.
[44] The defendant described the route to Queen and Main and at the intersec-
tion the light was red for northbound traffic.
[45] Her driving experience is lights have never all been green simultaneously
north, south, east and west; if the lights are not working she treats the lights as a
stop.
[46] The defendant did not remember seeing Mr. Hillier and does not know him.
She was asked whether he would have any reason to lie. No objection was made to
this line of questioning. The defendant had no reason to doubt Hillier’s evidence.
[47] Ms. Ramkisson testified it was possible that the pick-up truck revved its
)IILnaC(
257
JCNO
5102

— 8 —
engine; If one assumes the light was green, then cars going north and south would
have collided with her.
[48] Ms. Ramkissoon testified her light was green and she was focusing on
eastbound traffic. She also testified that Mr. Hillier testified that her car had first
stopped.
[49] When asked about the probabilities of both lights being green, Ms. Ramkis-
son testified somebody is wrong. She concluded her cross examination by testifying
that Mr. Hillier was lying as she had seen the transcript.
EVIDENCE OF LATCHMAN HARILALL
[50] Mr. Harilall is Mrs. Ramkissoon’ s husband. He responded to a telephone
call from his wife on April 10, 2015 around 6:55 am and travelled to the scene of the
accident.
[51] He got out and went to accident scene; Mrs. Ramkissoon got out of the car,
based on information from firemen. The weather not that great; he waited for the po-
lice; Mr. Harilall arrived at 7:10-7:1 and there was no one there at time
[52] Police arrived at 7:30 am ; his wife’s car was in west lane near a TD bank
east of Highway 10 ; there was damage to the back rear side of the car. The car
was 20 feet from the intersection of 10 and Main; Mr. Harilall approached an officer.
[53] When he got to the scene, his wife was sitting in the car; Mr. Harilall helped
his wife get out of the car; he stood next to a TD bank. No one in authority ap-
proached his wife.
[54] During the whole investigation no one approached Mr. Harilall; the car was
not driveable. The car was towed; from a distance, he could see a car wheel was
collapsed, driver’s side rear wheel was collapsed.
[55] When officer approached him , the police never discussed the accident nor
did a police officer take a statement.
[56] CROSS EXAMINATION OF MR. HARILALL
[57] Based on the damage he observed, his wife’s car was struck on the driv-
er’s back side. Mr. Harilall knew Mrs. Ramkissoon wife was travelling eastbound go-
ing to work; the damage was consistent with car going southbound and striking the
Toyota.
[58] In 18 years of driving through Brampton, Mr. Harilall has never seen green
lights all being on at the same time.
)IILnaC(
257
JCNO
5102

— 9 —
ASSESSMENT OF DEFENCE CASE
[59] Based on the issues beyond dispute, I accept Mrs. Ramkissoon’ s evidence
that she was driving her car on April 10, 2015 in Brampton at Main and Queen
Street. I also accept her evidence that she stopped at the intersection of Main and
Queen Street. However, I do not accept her evidence that she had a green light al-
lowing her to proceed through Main Street nor does her evidence on this point raise
a reasonable doubt in my mind because of the evidence of the independent witness
Mr. Hillier and the post-accident observations of the traffic lights by Officer Tokin.
[60] I do not accept any of Ms. Ramkissoon’ s evidence about whether Mr. Hilli-
er is lying. Such questions are not proper and should have not been put to her as
they call for speculation and shift the onus on her to explain another witness’ evi-
dence. In addition, such evidence is simply irrelevant.
[61] The other portion of the defence evidence relates to Mr. Harilal’s observa-
tions. His observations were post accident and I accept his evidence that the dam-
age was on the driver’s back side of the car.
[62] I also place little weight on Ms. Ramkisson’s evidence with respect to all the
lights not being green in various directions based on her past driving experience.
Simply put, if it happened, it happened [lights green for both southbound and east-
bound traffic] and if there had been a reasonable doubt in my mind, she would have
been acquitted. There is not a reasonable doubt in my mind on that point.
ASSESSMENT OF PROSECUTION EVIDENCE
[63] I accept Mrs. Bertrand’s evidence that she was driving southbound and had
a green light from 100 meters away; that it was around 6:45 and that a grey car
struck her from Ms. Bertrand’s right side while she was going through a green light.
[64] Ms. Bertrand’s evidence on where her car was damaged was a little confus-
ing; when asked how the car did not hit the passenger’s side of the car, she could
not recall and testified “I was just going through and that’s how we collided”. I also
accept Mrs. Bertrand’s evidence that her light was green for about 100 meters, or for
some distance before she approached the intersection at Main and Queen. I accept
her evidence that she drives the route every day and a car came out of nowhere
while she had a green light and struck her on the right.
[65] I do not place a lot of weight on her evidence about how her car was dam-
aged at the time of the accident. This is because the accident and shock affected
her recollection. Ms. Bertrand was led on large portions of her testimony on how the
damaged occurred including a diagram being drawn by the Prosecutor, not Ms. Ber-
trand in re-examination. I do not place a lot of weight on her evidence in relation to
damage to her car. Simply put, she was driving south on Highway 10, had a green
)IILnaC(
257
JCNO
5102

— 10 —
light for a significant distance and was struck suddenly and out of the blue by a car
on the right hand driver’s side of her car.
[66] I accept Mr. Hillier’s testimony as he is an independent pedestrian who was
walking southbound in the same direction as Mrs. Bertrand. He had a green walking
symbol allowing him to walk south.
[67] I accept he was about to step off the curb on the extreme northwest corner
of Highway 10 and Queen. I accept his evidence that he looked straight ahead to
the noise from the collision and observed Ms. Ramkissoon’s car (Grey Camry) strike
Ms. Bertrand’s car. I accept that the eastbound vehicle was first stopped and then
accelerated while southbound traffic had a green light.
[68] I also accept Mr. Hillier’s testimony that the southbound car was red Cobalt.
The color and make [Cobalt] of the car were not facts Ms. Bertrand was questioned
about. Mr. Hillier also testified that part of the red Cobalt’s bumper fell off and re-
mained in the intersection as a result of the collision.
[69] I also accept Mr. Hillier’s testimony that the Grey Camry was stopped at the
light and then accelerated through a red light. On submissions, Mr. Hodgson the
Paralegal submitted there was no evidence that Mrs. Ramkisson went through a red
light.
[70] When Mr. Hillier’s evidence (as transcribed) was pointed out, Mr. Hodg-
son submitted Mr. Hillier testified that the defendant went through a green light.
That was not Mr. Hillier’s evidence. I quote the following questions and answers
from the transcript (p.29, l.15):
Q. And what approximate speed do you think this eastbound vehicle
was doing?
A. It was stopped at the light at first.
Q. It was stopped?
A. Yes
Q. So you saw this vehicle stopped?
A. Yes, it was stopped at the red light and then it accelerated through
the green – through the red light.
Q. Through the red light?
A. Yeah.
[71] I accept Mr. Hillier’s testimony that the light was red. He was not cross ex-
amined on the light being green. Mr. Hillier was asked and answered that the light
)IILnaC(
257
JCNO
5102

— 11 —
was red.
[72] I accept Officer Tokin’s evidence of the damage to the grey Camry, namely
that there was damage to the driver’s side rear portion.
[73] I accept as fact Officer Tokin’s evidence that he also observed accident de-
bris consisting of a piece of the red car laying in the intersection.
[74] I accept Officer Tokin’s evidence that during a 15 minute period he ob-
served lights governing both Main and Queen Street while standing on the southeast
corner of the intersection and checked the lights cycle about five times. The officer
testified that he had squiggly symbol representing an estimate of watching 5 cycles
and I accept his testimony on this point. He testified that his symbol was an estimate
of 5 cycles; he neither embellished his evidence nor was there an omission in his
notes on this point.
[75] Mr. Hodgson, the paralegal submits that the officer never noted the exact
times the lights cycled. There is no requirement that the officer do that. The parale-
gal provided two cases to support that proposition: R. v. Newton [1996] O.J. No.
5360 where Justice Flaherty at paragraph 2 noted there was no direct evidence as
to what colour the light facing the defendant was at the time he entered the intersec-
tion. I also note at paragraph 11, Justice Flaherty noted that, “If there is some evi-
dence that the lights were functioning normally… then one can assume that that was
what was going on at the time”.
[76] In this case, I heard from Mr. Hillier that the light was red for eastbound traf-
fic and green for southbound traffic. That evidence was corroborated by the post-
accident observations by Officer Tokin.
[77] In R. v. McCoy [2004] O.J. No. 6244 Justice Forsyth held that the failure of
the officer to note going back to check the lights on this occasion was important.
Justice Forsyth noted, “Evidence is more reliable and confirmatory when an officer
keeps notes of important aspects of things they do during the course of an investiga-
tion”. Officer Tokin made notes of his post-accident observations regarding the cy-
cling of the lights and his evidence as noted above was corroborated to some extent
by Mr. Hillier’s observations.
)IILnaC(
257
JCNO
5102

— 12 —
[78] In conclusion, the Prosecution’s evidence does not raise a reasonable
doubt in my mind and the Prosecution has proven its case beyond a reasonable
doubt. As such, there will be a conviction.
Released: December 10, 2015
Signed: “Justice of the Peace Duggal”
)IILnaC(
257
JCNO
5102
