TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
Chapter 610
PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
ARTICLE 1
Definitions, etc.
§ 610-1.2. General.
ARTICLE 2
Administrative Penalty System
§ 610-2.1. Penalty notice.
§ 610-2.2. Screening review.
§ 610-2.3. Hearing review.
§ 610-2.4. Transition.
ARTICLE 3
Payment
§ 610-3.1. Extension of time to pay and payment plan.
§ 610-3.2. Enforcement of payment.
ARTICLE 4
Service
§ 610-4.1. Service.
ARTICLE 5
Administrative fees
§ 610-5.1 Administrative fees.
ARTICLE 6
Administrative Penalty Tribunal
§ 610-6.1. Creation of tribunal.
§ 610-6.2. Composition.
§ 610-6.3. Quorum.
§ 610-6.4. Term of appointment.
610-1 February 10, 2025

TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
§ 610-6.5. Authority to review.
§ 610-6.6. Responsibilities.
§ 610-6.7. Chair responsibilities.
§ 610-6.8. Procedures.
§ 610-6.9. Staff support.
Schedule A Designated By-law Provisions (Parking Violations)
Schedule B Designated Statute Provisions (Red Light Camera and Automated Speed
Enforcement Violations)
Schedule C Administrative Fees
[History: Adopted by the Council of the City of Toronto July 7, 2017, by By-law 799-20171.
Amended in its entirety December 18, 2024, by By-law 1379-20242. Subsequent
amendments noted where applicable.]
General References
City of Toronto Act, 2006 - See S.O. 2006, c. 11, Sched. A.
Collection and Debt Settlement Services Act – See R.S.O. 1990, c. C.14.
Highway Traffic Act - See R.S.O. 1990, c. H.8.
Provincial Offences Act - See R.S.O. 1990, c. P.33
Statutory Powers Procedure Act - See R.S.O. 1990, c. S.22
ARTICLE 1
Definitions, etc.
§ 610-1.1. Definitions.
A. General definitions.
As used in this chapter, the following terms mean:
ADMINISTRATIVE PENALTY - a monetary penalty amount set out in Column 3 of Schedule
A or Schedule B for the violation of the corresponding designated by-law provision or
designated statute provision set out in Column 1 of Schedule A or of Schedule B.
1
Editor's Note: By-law 799-2017 was passed under the authority of various sections of the City of Toronto Act, 2006, S.O. 2006, c. 11 and
Ontario Regulation 611/06. This Chapter takes effect on August 28, 2017.
2
Editor's Note: This section of By-law 1379-2024 came into effect on January 20, 2025
610-2 February 10, 2025

TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE - a person who is authorized by a recipient to act for the
recipient and is permitted to do so by applicable laws, by-laws, rules or any similar requirement.
CANCEL – includes "set aside" as used in Ontario Regulation 355/22.
CITY SOLICITOR - the City Solicitor for the City.
DESIGNATED BY-LAW PROVISION - a by-law provision creating a vehicle parking,
stopping or standing violation listed in Column 1 of Schedule A.
DESIGNATED STATUTE PROVISION – the Highway Traffic Act provisions prescribed for
the purposes of subsection 21.1(2) of the Highway Traffic Act, namely red light camera and
automated speed enforcement violations as listed in Column 1 of Schedule B.
ENFORCEMENT OFFICER –
(1) For a designated by-law provision:
(a) A municipal law enforcement officer appointed under Chapter 150,
Municipal Law Enforcement Officers; or
(b) A police officer or police cadet employed by the Toronto Police Service.
(2) For a designated statute provision, a prescribed authorized person under section
21.1(2) of the Highway Traffic Act, namely a person employed by the City and
designated as provincial offences officer by the Minister of Transportation under
subsection 1(3) of the Provincial Offences Act for the purposes of all or any class
of offences set under Parts XIV.1 or XIV.2 of the Highway Traffic Act.
EXTENUATING CIRCUMSTANCES - grounds for an extension of time to request a screening
review or hearing review resulting from a recipient's failure to act due to accident, illness, or
other cause that through no fault of their own leads to their failure to meet a time limit.
"Extenuating circumstances" includes "fair and appropriate in the circumstances" as used in
Ontario Regulation 355/22.
FEE – a fee set out and described in Schedule C, referred to collectively as the "administrative
fees" or individually by the name of the fee in Schedule C.
HEARING DECISION - a written hearing review decision that includes:
(1) the name of the recipient;
(2) the violation;
(3) the screening decision;
(4) the recipient's reasons for the request;
610-3 February 10, 2025

TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
(5) the hearing decision, including:
(a?) if the administrative penalty and/or any administrative fees have been
varied, the specifics of the variance;
(b?) if an extension of time to pay and/or a payment plan have been approved,
the specifics of the extension of time to pay and/or the payment plan;
(c?) the reasons for the decision.
HEARING OFFICER - a person from time to time appointed by City Council to review
administrative penalties for designated by-law provisions and/or designated statute provisions.
HEARING REVIEW - a review of a screening decision by a hearing officer.
HOLIDAY - New Year's Day, Family Day, Good Friday, Easter Sunday, Easter Monday,
Victoria Day, Canada Day, August Civic Holiday (Simcoe Day), Labour Day, Thanksgiving Day
(Canada), Remembrance Day, Christmas Day, Boxing Day, and any day designated by City
Council as a holiday.
MOTOR VEHICLE OR VEHICLE - any item defined as a motor vehicle or vehicle in a
Municipal Code Chapter or By-law containing a designated by-law provision for the purposes of
that provision or in a statute containing a designated statute provision for the purposes of that
provision.
PENALTY NOTICE - a notice as described in § 610-2.1 issued to a recipient who has violated a
designated by-law provision or a designated statute provision or, in the case of a violation of a
designated by-law provision, issued to the person who, in the opinion of the enforcement officer,
appears to have care or control of the vehicle at the time of violation. "Issued to" includes
"imposed on" and a "penalty notice" includes a "penalty order", both as used in Ontario
Regulation 355/22.
PENALTY NOTICE DATE - the date of service of a penalty notice.
RECIPIENT – the person responsible for the violation of a designated by-law provision or
designated statute provision, who, in the case of a designated by-law provision or a designated
statute provision, is the vehicle owner.
SCREENING DECISION - a written screening review decision that includes:
(1) the name of the recipient;
(2) the violation;
(3) the recipient's reasons for the request;
(4) any evidence provided by the recipient and reviewed by screening officer;
610-4 February 10, 2025

TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
(5) any other evidence provided to and reviewed by the screening officer;
(6) the screening decision, including:
(a) if the administrative penalty and/or any administrative fees have been
varied, the specifics of the variance;
(b) if an extension of time to pay and/or a payment plan have been approved,
the specifics of the extension of time to pay and/or the payment plan;
(c) the reasons for the decision.
SCREENING OFFICER - a person from time to time appointed by the City Solicitor for the
purposes of this chapter to review administrative penalties for designated by-law provisions
and/or designated statute provisions.
SCREENING REVIEW – a review of a penalty notice, including the administrative penalty and
any administrative fees, by a screening officer.
UNDUE HARDSHIP - grounds for cancelling or varying or extending the time to pay an
administrative penalty or administrative fees or both or for approving a payment plan resulting
from a recipient's ability to pay being materially compromised by a significant reduction in
income, an illness, unanticipated expenses, or other cause such that imposing the administrative
penalty without relief would be unduly oppressive and not in the interests of justice. The
recipient must demonstrate the reduction in income, illness or expense by providing supporting
documentation including a Canada Revenue Agency Notice of Tax Assessment for the last full
calendar year. "Undue hardship" includes "fair and appropriate in the circumstances" as used in
Ontario Regulation 355/22.
VEHICLE OWNER –
(1) the person whose name appears on the permit for the vehicle; and
(2) if the vehicle permit consists of a vehicle portion and plate portion and different
persons are named on each portion, the person whose name appears on the plate
portion.
VIOLATION – includes a contravention of or failure to comply with a designated by-law
provision or a designated statute provision.
B. Applicable Highway Traffic Act and By-law definitions.
(1) A term not defined in this chapter but defined in the Highway Traffic Act shall
have the same meaning as the term has in the Highway Traffic Act.
610-5 February 10, 2025

TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
(2) Despite § 610-1.1B(1), the use of "park", "parked", "parking", "stand", "standing",
"stop" or "stopped" in this chapter shall have the same meaning as the term has in
the applicable designated by-law provision.
§ 610-1.2. General.
A. Application.
(1) This chapter applies to the designated by-law provisions and designated statute
provisions.
(2) Despite anything in any City of Toronto Municipal Code Chapter or by-law to the
contrary, the Provincial Offences Act does not apply to a violation of a designated
by-law provision or to a violation of a designated statute provision.
B. Time periods.
Where a time period is prescribed in this chapter:
(1) The time period shall be counted by excluding the first day and including the last
day of the period. If the last day of the time period falls on a holiday, the time
period ends on the next day that is not a holiday; and
(2) If the time period would otherwise expire on a day on which the City's
administrative buildings are not open for business, it is extended to the next day
on which the City's administrative buildings are open for business.
C. City Solicitor authority.
(1) The City Solicitor is authorized to establish forms, including penalty notices, for
the purposes of this chapter, with the exception of forms for the proceedings of the
administrative penalty tribunal.
(2) The City Solicitor is authorized to establish policies and procedures for the
purposes of this chapter. These policies and procedures, if any, can be found on
the City's website dealing with Administrative Penalties.
D. Screening officer/hearing officer jurisdiction.
(1) Neither a screening officer nor a hearing officer has jurisdiction to consider
questions relating to the validity of a statute, regulation or by-law or the
constitutional applicability or operability of any statute, regulation or by-law.
(2) Despite anything in this chapter to the contrary, if a screening officer or a hearing
officer becomes aware, before a final decision is made in respect of a screening
review or a hearing review, as the case may be, that the recipient who is subject to
the penalty notice is charged with an offence under the Highway Traffic Act in
610-6 February 10, 2025

TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
respect of the same violation, the screening officer or hearing officer shall set
aside the penalty notice.
(3) If the Chair of the administrative penalty tribunal is satisfied that a substantial
wrong or a miscarriage of justice occurred when an administrative penalty,
including any administrative fees, has been:
(a) deemed to be affirmed or final; or
(b) affirmed or varied by a screening decision or a hearing decision, they may,
no later than 120 days after the date of § 610-1.2D(3)(a) or (b), cancel the
administrative penalty including any administrative fees.
E. Public record and certified statements.
(1) All information collected by the City, or a party authorized for the purpose of
issuing a penalty notice, or otherwise on the City's behalf in relation to any aspect
of the administrative penalty system, including all information collected in the
context of a screening review or a hearing review, is collected specifically for the
purpose of creating and maintaining a record available to the general public.
(2) A penalty notice, including any statements, constitutes a certified statement of an
enforcement officer.
(3) Any document indicating the manner of service of a penalty notice constitutes a
certified statement of an enforcement officer.
F. Offences.
(1) Every person is guilty of an offence who:
(a) Makes or participates in an assertion of fact in a statement, document or
form under this chapter or before a screening officer or hearing officer
knowing that the assertion is false or misleading;
(b) Hinders or obstructs or attempts to hinder or obstruct any person
exercising a power or performing a duty under this chapter; or
(c) is a director or officer of a corporation and knowingly concurs with actions
taken by or on behalf of the corporation in relation to an offence described
in § 610-1.2F(1)(a) or (b).
(2) No prosecution of an offence under this section shall be commenced more than
one year after the date on which the offence was or is alleged to have been
committed.
610-7 February 10, 2025

TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
(3) Every person who is guilty of an offence described in § 610-1.2F(1) is on
conviction liable to:
(a) a minimum fine of not less than $500 and a maximum fine of no more than
$100,000; and
(b) a special fine designed to eliminate or reduce any economic advantage or
gain from committing the offence.
ARTICLE 2
Administrative Penalty System
§ 610-2.1. Penalty notice.
A. Issuance of Penalty Notice.
(1) An enforcement officer who has reason to believe that there has been a violation
of a designated by-law provision or a designated statute provision may issue a
penalty notice within 23 days after the day on which the violation occurred.
(2) Upon issuance of a penalty notice, the recipient shall be liable to pay to the City
an administrative penalty by the applicable due date.
B. Content of penalty notice.
(1) A penalty notice shall be in a specified form and include the following
information:
(a) the date of issuance of the penalty notice;
(b) the penalty notice number;
(c) the vehicle licence plate number;
(d) particulars of the violation, including the date and location of the violation;
(e) the amount of the administrative penalty;
(f) information respecting the process by which the recipient may pay the
administrative penalty or request a screening review and hearing review;
(g) a statement advising that an administrative penalty will constitute a debt of
the recipient to the City; and
(h) the name and identification number of the enforcement officer issuing the
penalty notice.
610-8 February 10, 2025

TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
(2) In addition to the information in § 610-2.1B(1), a penalty notice issued for a
designated statute provision:
(a) shall include:
(1) a statement that the recipient must, no later than 30 days after the
day the penalty notice is served on them, pay the administrative
penalty unless the recipient commences an appeal in accordance
with this chapter; and
(2) a statement that the recipient may, no later than 30 days after the
day the penalty notice is served on the recipient, commence an
appeal in accordance with this chapter.
(b) may include:
(1) a copy of a photograph or image of the motor vehicle involved in
the violation; and
(2) statements by the enforcement officer that are certified to be true in
respect of the violation or in respect of the service of the penalty
notice.
C. Enforcement officer may not accept payment.
An enforcement officer is not permitted to accept payment in respect of the administrative
penalty.
D. Payment of penalty notice.
(1) General
(a) Where an administrative penalty is either partially or fully paid, any right
under this chapter to request a screening review or hearing review, an
extension of time to request a screening review or hearing review, an
extension of time to pay or a payment plan is automatically waived.
(b) Where an administrative penalty is either partially or fully paid in error
with respect to the penalty notice intended to be paid, the payment may be
allocated to another penalty notice.
(c) Where a re-allocation occurs in accordance with § 610-2.1D(1)(b), any
timelines in this chapter shall then run from the date of reallocation and not
from the original penalty notice date.
(2) Designated by-law provisions
610-9 February 10, 2025

TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
(a) An administrative penalty for a designated by-law provision is payable
upon effective service of the penalty notice in accordance with § 610-
4.1A(2), unless otherwise indicated by the screening decision, the hearing
decision, and/or any decision regarding a request for an extension of time
to pay or a payment plan.
(b) Where any decision is issued varying the date or amount which is payable
in relation to an administrative penalty for a designated by-law provision,
the administrative penalty and any administrative fees will be deemed to
be payable in accordance with that decision.
(3) Designated statute provisions
(a) An administrative penalty for a designated statute provision is payable
within 30 days after the date of effective service of the penalty notice in
accordance with § 610-4.1A(2), unless an appeal has been commenced.
(b) Subject to a payment plan being approved in accordance with § 610-3.1A,
if an appeal of a penalty notice does not result in the penalty notice being
cancelled, the recipient shall pay the administrative penalty for a
designated statute provision within 30 days after:
(1) the date of the screening decision, if no request for a hearing review
has been made;
(2) the date of the hearing decision, if a request for a hearing review
was made.
§ 610-2.2. Screening review.
A. Screening review request.
(1) Submitting a screening review request
The recipient or their authorized representative may request a screening review or
request an extension of time to make this request with respect to a penalty notice
by:
(a) submitting a fully completed request form electronically.
(b) attending in person or by an authorized representative at a location listed
on the City's website dealing with Administrative Penalties and submitting
a fully completed request form.
(2) Designated by-law provisions
610-10 February 10, 2025

TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
(a) A recipient may request a screening review within 15 calendar days after
the penalty notice date for a designated by-law provision.
(b) If a recipient has not requested a screening review within 15 calendar days
after the penalty notice date for a designated by-law provision, the
recipient may, within 30 calendar days after the penalty notice date, submit
a request that the screening officer extend the time to request a screening
review in accordance with § 610-2.2A(1).
(c) Where no request for an extension of time to request a screening review is
filed within 30 calendar days after the penalty notice date for a designated
by-law provision, the right to request an extension of time expires and:
(1) the right to request a screening review shall be deemed to have
been waived by the recipient;
(2) the administrative penalty, including any administrative fees, shall
be deemed to be affirmed on the 16th calendar day after the penalty
notice date and there shall be no further review or appeal; and
(3) no request for a screening review or an extension of time can be
accepted.
(d) Despite any other provision of this chapter or of Chapter 1, General
Provisions, if a penalty notice for a violation of a designated by-law
provision pre-dates the date this chapter comes into effect and:
(1) the penalty notice has not been deemed to be affirmed or final; and
(2) no screening decision has been made with respect to the penalty
notice,
then the recipient may, within 15 days of the date this chapter comes into
effect, request the screening officer extend the time to request a screening
review in accordance with § 610-2.2A(1).
(3) Designated statute provisions
(a) A recipient may request a screening review within 30 calendar days after
the penalty notice date for a designated statute provision.
(b) If a recipient has not requested a screening review within 30 calendar days
after the penalty notice date for a designated statute provision the recipient
may, within 60 calendar days after the penalty notice date, submit a
request that the screening officer extend the time to request a screening
review in accordance with § 610-2.2A(1).
610-11 February 10, 2025

TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
(c) Where no request for an extension of time to request a screening review is
filed within 60 calendar days after the penalty notice date for a designated
statute provision, the right to request an extension of time expires and:
(1) the right to request a screening review shall be deemed to have
been waived by the recipient;
(2) the administrative penalty, including any administrative fees, shall
be deemed to be affirmed on the 31st calendar day after the penalty
notice date and there shall be no further review or appeal; and
(3) no request for a screening review or an extension of time can be
accepted.
(d) Where a penalty notice for a designated statute provision has been sent to
plate denial and a request for a screening review is subsequently received,
the vehicle owner shall pay the late payment fee.
(e) Despite any other provision of this chapter or of Chapter 1, General
Provisions, if a penalty notice for a violation of a designated statute
provision pre-dates the date this chapter comes into effect and:
(1) the penalty notice has not been deemed to be affirmed or final; and
(2) no screening decision has been made with respect to the penalty
notice,
then the recipient may, within 30 days of the date this chapter comes into
effect, request the screening officer extend the time to request a screening
review in accordance with § 610-2.2A(1).
(4) Extenuating circumstances for extending the time to request a screening review
(a) A screening officer may extend the time to request a screening review only
where a recipient demonstrates, on a balance of probabilities, the existence
of extenuating circumstances that warrant the extension of time.
(b) Where an extension of time to request a screening review is:
(1) refused or approved, no further request for an extension of time can
be made by a recipient;
(2) refused, the administrative penalty is deemed to be affirmed and
there shall be no further review or appeal.
B. Screening review – general.
(1) General
610-12 February 10, 2025

TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
A screening review shall be conducted electronically by submitting a fully
completed request form and making further electronic submissions as requested,
unless the screening officer determines, on receiving a request for accommodation
from the recipient, that the screening review should be conducted orally, either in
person or electronically, or in writing other than electronically.
(2) Information considered during screening review
A screening officer may:
(a) In relation to a screening review of a penalty notice with respect to a
violation of a designated by-law provision:
(1) request such information from a recipient or other individual as the
screening officer considers relevant and may rely upon the
information from the recipient or other individual without the need
for the attendance of the recipient or other individual; and
(2) request, consider and rely on information from an enforcement
officer, other City/Agency staff, or staff of the Toronto Police
Service as the screening officer deems relevant, without the need
for the attendance of the individual, including but not limited to: a
certified statement of an enforcement officer, other documents
respecting a violation created by an enforcement officer including
but not limited to a photograph taken by an enforcement officer,
and any other written document prepared by an enforcement
officer, other City/Agency staff, or staff of the Toronto Police
Service.
(b) In relation to a screening review of a penalty notice with respect to a
violation of a designated statute provision:
(1) consider photographs or images taken by the camera system or
enforcement system, as applicable;
(2) consider statements, including certified statements, made by the
enforcement officer;
(3) consider documents, including certified documents, setting out the
name and address of the recipient, a description of the permit, and
the number plate of the motor vehicle;
(4) consider statements by the recipient, made either in writing or in
the manner in which the screening review is conducted;
(5) consider statements by or on behalf of the City, made either in
writing or in the manner which the screening review is conducted;
610-13 February 10, 2025

TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
(6) consider any other information, materials or submissions that the
screening officer considers to be credible or trustworthy in the
circumstances;
(7) not call any witnesses.
(3) Adjournment of, cancellation of or failure to attend a screening review
(a) If, on receiving a request for accommodation, a screening review is being
conducted orally, either in person or electronically, the recipient:
(1) shall attend at the date and time set for the screening review;
(2) may, once only, request an adjournment of the screening review by
filing with the City a request for adjournment no later than 4 pm on
the day two business days in advance of the date set for screening
review;
(3) may cancel the screening review by paying to the City the
administrative penalty amount in full no later than 4 pm on the date
scheduled for their screening review.
(b) If, on receiving a request for accommodation, a screening review is being
conducted orally, either in person or electronically, and the recipient fails
to attend at the time and place scheduled for a screening review:
(1) the recipient shall be deemed to have abandoned their request for a
screening review;
(2) the administrative penalty as set out in the penalty notice shall be
deemed to be affirmed:
(a) on the 16th day after the penalty notice date for a designated
by-law provision and is not subject to any further review or
appeal; and
(b) on the 31st day after the penalty notice date for a designated
statute provision and is not subject to any further review or
appeal; and
(3) the recipient shall pay the screening non-appearance fee:
(a) as found in Schedule C, Part 1 if the screening review is
related to a designated by-law provision; and
(b) as found in Schedule C, Part 2, if the screening review is
related to a designated statute provision.
610-14 February 10, 2025

TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
(4) Conduct of the screening review
(a) When conducting a screening review, a screening officer shall determine
whether it was reasonable for the enforcement officer to impose the
penalty notice and may:
(1) affirm the administrative penalty, any administrative fees, or both;
(2) cancel the administrative penalty, including any administrative
fees, for a penalty notice if the recipient establishes on the balance
of probabilities that the violation was not committed as set out in
the penalty notice;
(3) cancel the administrative penalty, any administrative fees, or both:
(a) if the recipient establishes on the balance of probabilities
the existence of undue hardship that materially
compromises their ability to pay an administrative penalty
or administrative fees or both; and
(b) if cancelling the administrative penalty or administrative
fees or both is necessary to relieve the undue hardship
established;
(4) subject to the rules in § 610-2.2B(4)(c), vary the administrative
penalty and any administrative fees, or both and/or extend the time
for payment of the administrative penalty, administrative fees, or
both:
(a) if the recipient establishes on the balance of probabilities
the existence of undue hardship that materially
compromises their ability to pay an administrative penalty
or administrative fees or both; and
(b) if varying and/or extending the time for payment of the
administrative penalty or administrative fees or both is
necessary to relieve the undue hardship established.
(b) A screening officer shall not decide whether to confirm, vary or cancel a
penalty notice for a violation of a designated statute provision unless:
(1) the recipient has been given an opportunity to make submissions in
the same manner in which the screening review is conducted; and
(2) a representative of the City has been given an opportunity to make
submissions in the same manner in which the screening review is
conducted.
610-15 February 10, 2025

TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
(c) If a screening officer decides to vary the amount of an administrative
penalty determined under Schedule B, the screening officer shall vary the
amount in accordance with the following rules:
(1) if the total amount of the administrative penalty is decreased, the
amount to be credited to the victims' justice fund account is to be
reduced proportionally to the decrease in the total administrative
penalty amount;
(2) if the total amount of the administrative penalty is decreased to
zero, the amount in Column 4 of Schedule B is zero;
(3) if the screening review was conducted orally, either in person or
electronically, and the recipient failed to attend the screening
review for a designated statute provision, the amount of the
administrative penalty shall be increased by the screening non-
appearance fee as found in Schedule C, Part 2, which increase does
not affect the amount in Column 4 of Schedule B.
(d) Despite § 610-2.2B(4)(a), (b) and (c), the amount of an administrative
penalty cannot be varied for a speeding violation by reducing the rate of
speed.
(e) After a screening review, the screening officer shall make the screening
decision as soon as practical after the review is complete and serve it on
the recipient by mail, courier or electronic means as soon as practical after
the decision is made.
§ 610-2.3. Hearing review.
A. Hearing review request.
(1) The right to request a hearing review or to request an extension of time to make
this request may be exercised by the recipient or their authorized representative:
(a) electronically submitting a fully completed request form; or
(b) attending in person or by an authorized representative at a location listed
on the City's website dealing with Administrative Penalties and submitting
a fully completed request form.
(2) Designated By-law provisions
(a) A recipient may request a hearing review of a screening decision for a
violation of a designated by-law provision within 15 calendar days after
the screening decision.
610-16 February 10, 2025

TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
(b) If a recipient has not requested a hearing review within 15 calendar days
after the screening decision for a violation of a designated by-law
provision, the recipient may, within 30 calendar days after the screening
decision date, submit a request that the hearing officer extend the time to
request a hearing review in accordance with § 610-2.3A(1).
(c) Where no request for an extension of time to request a hearing review is
filed within 30 calendar days after the screening decision for a designated
by-law provision, the right to request an extension of time expires and:
(1) the right to request a hearing review shall be deemed to have been
waived by the recipient;
(2) the screening decision and the administrative penalty included in
the screening decision, including any administrative fees, shall be
deemed to be affirmed on the screening decision issuance date;
(3) the screening decision and the administrative penalty, including any
administrative fees, are final and shall not be subject to any further
review or appeal; and
(4) no request for a hearing review or an extension of time can be
accepted.
(d) Despite any other provision of this chapter or of Chapter 1, General
Provisions, if a screening decision for a violation of a designated by-law
provision pre-dates the date this chapter comes into effect and:
(1) the penalty notice has not been deemed to be affirmed or final; and
(2) no hearing decision has been made with respect to the penalty
notice,
then the recipient may, within 15 days of the date this chapter comes into
effect, request the hearing officer extend the time to request a hearing
review in accordance with § 610-2.3A(1).
(3) Designated Statute Provisions
(a) A recipient may request a hearing review of a screening decision for a
violation of a designated statute provision within 30 calendar days after the
screening decision.
(b) If a recipient has not requested a hearing review within 30 calendar days
after the screening decision for a violation of a designated statute
provision, the recipient may, within 60 calendar days after the screening
610-17 February 10, 2025

TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
decision date, submit a request that the hearing officer extend the time to
request a hearing review in accordance with § 610-2.3A(1).
(c) Where no request for an extension of time to request a hearing review is
filed within 60 calendar days after the screening decision for a designated
statute provision, the right to request an extension of time expires and:
(1) the right to request a hearing review shall be deemed to have been
waived by the recipient;
(2) the screening decision and the administrative penalty included in
the screening decision, including any administrative fees, shall be
deemed to be affirmed on the screening decision issuance date;
(3) the screening decision and the administrative penalty, including any
administrative fees, are final and shall not be subject to any further
review or appeal; and
(4) no request for a hearing review or an extension of time can be
accepted.
(d) Despite any other provision of this chapter or of Chapter 1, General
Provisions, if a screening decision for a violation of a designated statute
provision pre-dates the date this chapter comes into effect and:
(1) the penalty notice has not been deemed to be affirmed or final; and
(2) no hearing decision has been made with respect to the penalty
notice,
then the recipient may, within 30 days of the date this chapter comes into
effect, request the hearing officer extend the time to request a hearing
review in accordance with § 610-2.3A(1).
(4) Extenuating circumstances for extending the time to request a hearing review
(a) A hearing officer may extend the time to request a hearing review only
where a recipient demonstrates, on a balance of probabilities, the existence
of extenuating circumstances that warrant the extension of time.
(b) Where an extension of time to request a hearing review is:
(1) refused or approved, no further request for an extension of time can
be made by a recipient;
(2) refused, the administrative penalty is deemed to be affirmed and
there shall be no further review or appeal.
610-18 February 10, 2025

TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
B. Hearing review – general.
(1) General
(a) Hearing review procedures are set out in the Rules of Procedure of the
administrative penalty tribunal.
(b) A hearing review shall be conducted electronically unless the hearing
officer determines, on receiving a request for accommodation from the
recipient or on their own initiative, that the hearing review should be
conducted in person or in writing or otherwise.
(c) All hearing reviews shall be in accordance with the Statutory Powers
Procedure Act.
(2) Information considered during hearing review
(a) A hearing officer shall consider only the information provided at the
screening review in accordance with § 610-2.2B.
(b) A hearing officer shall not adjourn the hearing review for the purpose of
having an individual attend to give evidence unless the hearing officer is
satisfied that the oral evidence of the individual is necessary to ensure a
fair hearing.
(c) A hearing officer shall not make any decision respecting a hearing review
unless the hearing officer has given the recipient and the City an
opportunity to be heard at the time and place scheduled for the hearing
review or, having given this opportunity to be heard, the parties have
consented to a disposition of some or all issues respecting a screening
decision without a hearing.
(3) Adjournment of, cancellation of or failure to attend a hearing review
(a) The recipient:
(1) shall attend at the date and time set for the hearing review;
(2) may, once only, request an adjournment of the hearing review by
filing with the City a request for adjournment no later than 4 pm on
the day five business days in advance of the date set for hearing
review;
(3) may cancel the hearing review by paying to the City the
administrative penalty amount in full no later than 4 pm on the date
scheduled for their hearing review.
610-19 February 10, 2025

TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
(b) If the recipient fails to attend at the time and place scheduled for a hearing
review:
(1) the recipient shall be deemed to have abandoned their request for a
hearing review;
(2) the administrative penalty as set out in the penalty notice shall be
deemed to be affirmed:
(a) on the 16th day after the screening decision for a designated
by-law provision and is not subject to any further review or
appeal; and
(b) on the 31st day after the screening for a designated statute
provision and is not subject to any further review or appeal;
and
(3) the recipient shall pay the hearing non-appearance fee:
(a) as found in Schedule C, Part 1 if the hearing review is
related to a designated by-law provision; and
(b) as found in Schedule C, Part 2, if the hearing review is
related to a designated statute provision.
(4) Conduct of the hearing review
(a) When conducting a hearing review, a hearing officer shall determine
whether the screening officer's decision was reasonable and may:
(1) affirm the screening decision;
(2) cancel the screening decision if the recipient establishes on the
balance of probabilities that the violation was not committed as set
out in the penalty notice;
(3) cancel the screening decision:
(a) if the recipient establishes on the balance of probabilities
the existence of undue hardship that materially
compromises their ability to pay an administrative penalty
or administrative fees or both; and
(b) if cancelling the administrative penalty or administrative
fees or both is necessary to relieve the undue hardship
established;
610-20 February 10, 2025

TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
(4) subject to the rules in § 610-2.3B(4)(c), vary the administrative
penalty and any administrative fees, or both and/or extend the time
for payment of the administrative penalty, administrative fees, or
both:
(a) if the recipient establishes on the balance of probabilities
the existence of undue hardship that materially compromise
their ability to pay an administrative penalty or
administrative fees or both; and
(b) if varying and/or extending the time for payment of the
administrative penalty or administrative fees or both is
necessary to relieve the undue hardship established.
(b) A hearing officer shall not decide whether to confirm, vary or cancel a
penalty notice for a violation of a designated statute provision unless:
(1) the recipient has been given an opportunity to make submissions in
the same manner in which the hearing review is conducted; and
(2) a representative of the City has been given an opportunity to make
submissions in the same manner in which the hearing review is
conducted.
(c) If a hearing officer decides to vary the amount of an administrative penalty
determined under Schedule B, the hearing officer shall vary the amount in
accordance with the following rules:
(1) if the total amount of the administrative penalty is decreased, the
amount to be credited to the victims' justice fund account is to be
reduced proportionally to the decrease in the total administrative
penalty amount;
(2) despite anything to the contrary, if the total amount of the
administrative penalty is decreased to zero, the amount in Column
4 of Schedule B is zero;
(3) if the recipient failed to attend the hearing review for a designated
statute provision, the amount of the administrative penalty shall be
increased by the hearing non-appearance fee as found in Schedule
C, Part 2, which increase does not affect the amount in Column 4
of Schedule B.
(d) Despite § 610-2.3B(4)(a), (b) and (c), the amount of an administrative
penalty cannot be varied for a speeding violation by reducing the rate of
speed.
610-21 February 10, 2025

TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
(e) After a hearing review, the hearing officer shall make the hearing decision
as soon as practical after the review is complete and serve it on the
recipient by mail, courier or electronic means as soon as practical after the
decision is made.
(f) The decision of the hearing officer as to the administrative penalty,
including any administrative fees, is final and shall not be subject to any
further review or appeal.
§ 610-2.4. Transition.
A. Any screening review or hearing review for which a complete request for a screening
review or hearing review has been submitted prior to January 20, 2025 but which
screening review or hearing review has not been completed prior to January 20, 2025
shall be completed in accordance with Chapter 610 as it read on January 19, 2025, with
the exception of § 610-2.2A and § 610-2.3A of this chapter, which shall apply as of
January 20, 2025 to those appeals.
B. For clarity, where a request for a hearing review has not been filed prior to January 20,
2025, despite a screening request having been filed prior to January 20, 2025, any request
for hearing review will be processed and completed under this chapter.
C. Despite anything in this chapter to the contrary, a payment plan shall not be available in a
screening review of a designated by-law provision or in a hearing review of a designated
by-law provision.
ARTICLE 3
Payment
§ 610-3.1. Extension of time to pay and payment plan.
A. Extension of Time to Pay and Payment plan.
(1) A recipient may only request an extension of time to pay the administrative
penalty and any administrative fees or a payment plan to pay the administrative
penalty and any administrative fees by submitting a fully completed request form:
(a) to the screening office at the same time as submitting a request for a
screening review or a request for an extension of time to request a
screening review;
(b) to the administrative penalty tribunal at the same time as submitting a
request for a hearing review or request for an extension of time to request a
hearing review; or
610-22 February 10, 2025

TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
(c) at a screening office within 6 months of the date of the screening decision
where no request for a hearing review is filed; or
(d) to the administrative penalty tribunal within 6 months of the date of the
hearing decision.
(2) The extension of time to pay or payment plan request form shall be submitted in
the same manner as a request for a screening review or hearing review, as
applicable.
(3) A screening officer or hearing officer considering a request for an extension of
time or a payment plan to pay an administrative penalty and any administrative
fees can only approve an extension of time or payment plan:
(a) if the recipient establishes on the balance of probabilities the existence of
undue hardship that materially compromise their ability to pay an
administrative penalty or administrative fees or both; and
(b) if approving the extension of time or payment plan is necessary to relieve
the undue hardship established.
(4) The approval of an extension of time or payment plan may be conditional on:
(a) other amounts owing under this chapter being paid; or
(b) an initial payment in an amount considered by the screening officer or
hearing officer, as the case may be, to be reasonable, being made on or
before a specified date.
(5) When an extension of time or payment plan has been approved, no further request
with respect to that extension of time or payment plan can made by a recipient.
(6) An extension of time or payment plan may extend beyond any deadlines set out in
this chapter but shall not be more than 24 months in duration.
(7) When the deadline for final payment under an extension of time or two
consecutive payments of a payment plan have been missed for a penalty notice
for:
(a) a designated by-law provision, the City may notify the Registrar of Motor
Vehicles in the jurisdiction where the permit is registered of the default,
and the recipient shall then pay the plate denial enforcement fee and the
late payment fee listed in Schedule C, Part 1.
(b) a designated statute provision, the City may notify the Ontario Ministry of
the Attorney General of the default, and the recipient shall then pay the
late payment fee listed in Schedule C, Part 2.
610-23 February 10, 2025

TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
§ 610-3.2. Enforcement of payment.
A. Suspension of enforcement mechanisms.
(1) Where a screening review or a hearing review, an extension of time for such a
review, a request for an extension of time to pay or a payment plan, has been filed,
the timelines for payment are suspended until the decision is issued and served.
(2) Despite § 610-3.2A(1):
(a) where an extension of time to request a review is approved, enforcement
mechanisms will be suspended until the extension of time to request a
review has expired.
(b) where an extension of time to pay the administrative penalty or a payment
plan is approved under this chapter, enforcement mechanisms will be
suspended until after the extension of time, until the payment plan is
deemed to be in default, or until the payment plan has expired.
B. Penalty or fee constitute a debt.
An administrative penalty, including any administrative fees, that is affirmed or reduced in
respect of which the time for payment has been extended is payable and constitutes a debt to the
City owed by the recipient.
C. Notification of registrar of motor vehicles or Ministry of the Attorney General.
(1) Designated by-law provisions
Where an administrative penalty for a designated by-law provision is not paid
within 60 calendar days after it becomes payable to the City for a parking
violation, the City Solicitor may notify the Registrar of Motor Vehicles or the
Ontario Ministry of the Attorney General.
(2) Designated statute provisions
(a) Where an administrative penalty for a designated statute provision is not
paid within the 30 day period set out in Section 610-2.1D(3) or in
accordance with a plan of periodic payments approved under Section 610-
3.1A(3), the City may notify the Ontario Ministry of the Attorney General
of the default.
(b) Where the City notifies the Ontario Ministry of the Attorney General under
Section 610-3.2C(2)(a) in respect of a penalty notice:
(1) the City shall not collect payment of the administrative penalty but
rather the Province of Ontario shall collect payment;
610-24 February 10, 2025

TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
(2) the recipient shall pay a late payment fee as listed in Schedule C,
Part 2;
(3) the Province of Ontario may refuse issuance and validation of a
permit to the recipient of a motor vehicle who is subject to the
penalty notice until the administrative penalty, including the late
payment fee, is paid.
D. Enforcement of payment mechanisms.
(1) Where any amount owed to the City for a penalty notice for a designated by-law
provision has not been paid within 15 days after the date that it becomes payable
to the City, the City Solicitor may:
(a) have a certificate of default filed with a court of competent jurisdiction, in
accordance with section 9 of O.Reg. 611/06, pursue civil enforcement of
any certificate of default so filed, initiate any other court action to collect
the outstanding amount, may appeal any decision where warranted, may
discontinue or settle such claim or action where it is concluded by the City
Solicitor that it is reasonable to do so and may execute any documents as
required to discontinue or settle the claim or action; and
(b) pursue any other enforcement measures permitted for the penalty notice
for a designated by-law provision, including, without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, the placement of debts with collection agencies
in good standing under the Collection and Debt Settlement Services Act;
and where the City Solicitor places a debt with collection agencies in good
standing under the Collection and Debt Settlement Services Act, the
collection agency may also recover its reasonable costs of collecting the
debt, as approved by the City.
ARTICLE 4
Service
§ 610-4.1. Service.
A. Service of penalty notice with respect to a violation of a designated by-law provision.
(1) Service of a penalty notice with respect to a violation of a designated by-law
provision may be made:
(a) personally to the recipient;
(b) by e-mail to the recipient at the recipient's last known e-mail address
which includes the e-mail address provided by the recipient to the City in
the course of any transaction with the City; or
610-25 February 10, 2025

TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
(c) by registered or regular mail addressed to the recipient at the recipient's
last known address which includes the address provided by the recipient to
the City in the course of any transaction with the City and the address
provided to the City by the Ontario Ministry of Transportation or other
Province/State indicated on the vehicle licence plate where an agreement
to share this information is in place.
(2) Service in accordance with § 610-4.1A(1) shall be deemed to be effective:
(a) on the date it is personally delivered;
(b) on the date that the e-mail is sent; or
(c) on the fifth day after the date of mailing either by registered or regular
mail.
(3) (a) In addition to service methods provided for in § 610-4.1A(1) and (2), an
enforcement officer may serve the penalty notice on the recipient with
respect to a violation of a designated by-law provision by:
(1) affixing the penalty notice to the vehicle in a conspicuous place; or
(2) giving it personally to the person who, in the opinion of the
enforcement officer, appears to have care or control of the vehicle
at the time of the violation.
(b) Service in accordance with § 610-4.1A(3)(a) shall be deemed to be
effective at the time the penalty notice was affixed to the vehicle or given
to the person.
B. Service of a penalty notice with respect to a violation of a designated statute provision.
(1) Service of a penalty notice with respect to a violation of a designated statute
provision may be made:
(a) by mail or by courier to the most recent address that appears on the
Ontario Ministry of Transportation's records in respect of the holder of the
plate portion of the permit for the motor vehicle involved in the violation;
or
(b) if the enforcement officer who imposed the penalty notice believes that the
person who is subject to the penalty notice resides outside Ontario or, in
the case of a corporation, has its principal place of business outside
Ontario, the penalty notice may be served on the person by sending the
order by mail or by courier to the address outside Ontario at which the
enforcement officer believes the person resides or has its principal place of
business.
610-26 February 10, 2025

TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
(2) The address in § 610-4.1B(1)(b) may be determined from a document obtained
from the government of any province or territory of Canada or from the
government of a state of the United States of America, or from a person or entity
authorized by any such government to keep records of vehicle permits, number
plates or other evidence of vehicle ownership in that jurisdiction.
(3) Service in accordance with § 610-4.1B(1) shall be deemed to be effective on the
seventh day following the day on which it was mailed or couriered.
C. Other service.
(1) Service of any other document or notice may be made:
(a) personally to the recipient;
(b) by e-mail to the recipient at the recipient's last known e-mail address
which includes the e-mail address provided by the recipient to the City in
the course of any transaction with the City; or
(c) by registered or regular mail addressed to the recipient at the recipient's
last known address which includes the address provided by the recipient to
the City in the course of any transaction with the City and the address
provided to the City by the Ontario Ministry of Transportation or other
Province/State indicated on the vehicle licence plate where an agreement
to share this information is in place.
(2) Service in accordance with § 610-4.1C(1) shall be deemed to be effective:
(a) on the date it is personally delivered;
(b) on the date that the e-mail is sent; or
(c) on the fifth day after the date of mailing either by registered or regular
mail.
(3) Service on an authorized representative to whom a screening decision or a hearing
decision is handed shall be deemed to be service on the recipient.
ARTICLE 5
Administrative fees
§ 610-5.1 Administrative fees.
A. Chapter 441, Fees and Charges.
610-27 February 10, 2025

TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
Where the amount of an administrative fee set out in Schedule C differs from the amount set out
for the same administrative fee in Chapter 441, Fees and Charges, the amount that came into
effect on the later date applies.
B. Failure to pay a penalty or fee on time.
(1) Where an administrative penalty and all administrative fees are not paid within 30
calendar days after the date that an administrative penalty and any administrative
fees for a designated by-law provision become payable to the City, the recipient
shall pay the late payment fee.
(2) Where an administrative penalty for a designated by-law provision is not paid
within 15 calendar days after it becomes payable to the City, the recipient shall
pay the vehicle owner/address search fee.
(3) Where an administrative penalty and all administrative fees are not paid within 60
calendar days for a designated by-law provision after an administrative penalty
and any administrative fees become payable to the City and the City notifies the
Registrar of Motor Vehicles in the jurisdiction where the permit is registered or
the Ministry of the default, the recipient shall pay the plate denial enforcement
fee.
C. NSF cheque or credit charge reversal.
(1) Where a recipient provides a cheque or other demand for payment to the City for
payment of any administrative penalty or administrative fees and there are
insufficient funds available in the account on which the instrument was drawn the
recipient shall pay the non-sufficient fund (NSF) fee.
(2) Where a recipient provides a cheque or other demand for payment to the City for
payment of any administrative penalty or administrative fees and there are
insufficient funds available in the account on which the instrument was drawn or
where a recipient provides payment to the City via credit card for payment of any
administrative penalty or administrative fees and a fee reversal of the credit
charge has taken place, the administrative penalty and any administrative fees are
deemed to not have been paid and any applicable additional administrative fees
will be payable in accordance with this chapter.
D. Cancellation of penalty or fee.
(1) Where an administrative penalty is cancelled by a screening officer or a hearing
officer, any associated administrative fees are also cancelled.
(2) If a person has paid any administrative fees in respect of an administrative penalty
and the administrative penalty is subsequently cancelled by a screening officer or
a hearing officer, the City shall refund the administrative fees paid in full to the
person who paid the administrative fees.
610-28 February 10, 2025

TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
E. Refund of penalty or fee.
Where a refund of a payment is made under this chapter for any reason, the refunded amount
shall be paid to the person who initially made that payment.
ARTICLE 6
Administrative Penalty Tribunal
§ 610-6.1. Creation of tribunal.
A. An administrative penalty tribunal is constituted for the City.
B. Each hearing shall be conducted by a tribunal panel comprised of one member.
C. Business meetings shall be conducted by the tribunal panel comprised of a quorum of all
members.
§ 610-6.2. Composition.
A. The administrative penalty tribunal shall consist of 25 members appointed by Council.
B. Members shall be at least 18 years old and residents of the City.
C. Any person who served as a member of Council in the term of Council immediately
preceding the appointment of members to the administrative penalty tribunal is ineligible
for appointment.
D. Council shall appoint the Chair of the administrative penalty tribunal from among its
members.
E. Members shall not act as agents for any person for any proceeding before the
administrative penalty tribunal or a City administrative tribunal.
§ 610-6.3. Quorum.
The majority of members constitute a quorum for the administrative penalty tribunal.
§ 610-6.4. Term of appointment.
The members of the administrative penalty tribunal shall be appointed for a term specified by
Council and serve at pleasure of Council until their successors are appointed.
§ 610-6.5. Authority to review.
On a hearing review, a tribunal panel member may exercise their authority as provided in §
610-2.3.
610-29 February 10, 2025

TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
§ 610-6.6. Responsibilities.
The responsibilities of the administrative penalty tribunal include:
A. Reviewing materials filed with each application;
B Presiding over hearings and rendering a written decision based on the information
presented;
C. Attending business meetings of the administrative penalty tribunal;
D. Attending training sessions, as required; and
E. Conducting hearings in an impartial manner and in accordance with this chapter.
§ 610-6.7. Chair responsibilities.
In addition to the member responsibilities identified in § 610-6.6, the Chair of the administrative
penalty tribunal is responsible for:
A. Ensuring that hearing practices of the administrative penalty tribunal are fair and
effective;
B. Ensuring quality and consistency of administrative penalty tribunal decisions;
C. Acting as the lead representative and spokesperson for the administrative penalty
tribunal;
D. Obtaining external legal advice as needed;
E. Preparing the Annual Report to City Council on the administrative penalty tribunal
activities;
F. Chairing the business meetings of the administrative penalty tribunal;
G. Liaising with City staff on administrative support matters;
H. Coordinating member training and professional development; and
I. Responding to information and privacy related matters respecting the administrative
penalty tribunal.
§ 610-6.8. Procedures.
The administrative penalty tribunal is a local board that shall conduct itself in accordance with its
Rules of Procedure.
610-30 February 10, 2025

TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
§ 610-6.9. Staff support.
The Court Services Division shall provide hearing and business meeting management support to
the administrative penalty tribunal and a tribunal panel.
610-31 February 10, 2025

TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
Schedule A
Designated By-law Provisions (Parking Violations)
Table 1: Chapter 608, Parks
Column 1 Column 2 Column 3
Designated Part Short Form Wording Penalty Amount
of Chapter
§ 608-27A Park vehicle in area of park not designated for $100.00
parking
§ 608-27B Park vehicle in park between 12:01 a.m. and 5:30 $100.00
a.m. without permit
§ 608-27C Park vehicle in park (not in designated $100.00
space/contrary to posted conditions)
§ 608-27D (Stop/Park) in accessible parking space in park $300.00
without displaying permit
§ 608-27E.1 Park vehicle in park while not using park $100.00
§ 608-27F Park vehicle in park for longer than 24 hours $100.00
§ 608-30.1 Park motorized recreational vehicle in non- $175.00
designated area of park
Table 2: Chapter 743, Streets and Sidewalks, Use of
Column 1 Column 2 Column 3
Designated Part Short Form Wording Penalty Amount
of Chapter
§ 743-29I(5) Park Private Vehicle on Site – Not Engaged in $500.00
(Work/Temporary Occupation)
§ 743-8D(4) Street Promotion Activity – (Stop/Park/Stand) Vehicle $500.00
on Street
610-32 February 10, 2025

	Column 1		Column 2
Short Form Wording	Column 3
Penalty Amount
	Designated Part
	of Chapter

§ 608-27A			Park vehicle in area of park not designated for
parking	$100.00
§ 608-27B			Park vehicle in park between 12:01 a.m. and 5:30
a.m. without permit	$100.00
§ 608-27C			Park vehicle in park (not in designated
space/contrary to posted conditions)	$100.00
§ 608-27D			(Stop/Park) in accessible parking space in park
without displaying permit	$300.00
§ 608-27E.1			Park vehicle in park while not using park	$100.00
§ 608-27F			Park vehicle in park for longer than 24 hours	$100.00
§ 608-30.1			Park motorized recreational vehicle in non-
designated area of park	$175.00

Column 2
Short Form Wording

Column 3
Penalty Amount

	Column 1		Column 2
Short Form Wording	Column 3
Penalty Amount
	Designated Part
	of Chapter

§ 743-29I(5)			Park Private Vehicle on Site – Not Engaged in
(Work/Temporary Occupation)	$500.00
§ 743-8D(4)			Street Promotion Activity – (Stop/Park/Stand) Vehicle
on Street	$500.00

Column 2
Short Form Wording

Column 3
Penalty Amount

TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
Table 3: Chapter 880, Fire Routes
Column 1 Column 2 Column 3
Designated Part Short Form Wording Penalty Amount
of Chapter
§ 880-14A Park in a Fire Route $250.00
§ 880-14A Leave a Vehicle in a Fire Route $250.00
Table 4: Chapter 886, Footpaths, Pedestrian Ways, Bicycle Paths, Bicycle Lanes and Cycle
Tracks
Column 1 Column 2 Column 3
Designated Part Short Form Wording Penalty Amount
of Chapter
§ 886-3A.1 Park Prohibited Vehicle on Footpath $200.00
§ 886-5A.1 Park Prohibited Vehicle on Pedestrian Way $200.00
§ 886-6D Park Prohibited Vehicle on Bicycle Path $200.00
§ 886-10C Stop Vehicle other than a (Bicycle/Power-Assisted $200.00
Bicycle) in Bicycle Lane
§ 886-15B Stop Vehicle other than Bicycle in Cycle Track $200.00
§ 886-15C Stop Micro-utility Device in Cycle Track $200.00
Table 5: Chapter 903, Parking for Persons with Disabilities
Column 1 Column 2 Column 3
Designated Part Short Form Wording Penalty Amount
of Chapter
§ 903-4A (Park/Stand) vehicle in accessible parking space $450.00
without proper display of valid permit
§ 903-4B (Park/Stand) vehicle in accessible parking space while $450.00
not transporting, picking up or dropping off current
valid accessible parking permit holder
610-33 February 10, 2025

	Column 1		Column 2
Short Form Wording
	Designated Part
	of Chapter

§ 880-14A			Park in a Fire Route
§ 880-14A			Leave a Vehicle in a Fire Route

Column 2
Short Form Wording

Column 3
Penalty Amount

	Column 1		Column 2
Short Form Wording	Column 3
Penalty Amount
	Designated Part
	of Chapter

§ 886-3A.1			Park Prohibited Vehicle on Footpath	$200.00
§ 886-5A.1			Park Prohibited Vehicle on Pedestrian Way	$200.00
§ 886-6D			Park Prohibited Vehicle on Bicycle Path	$200.00
§ 886-10C			Stop Vehicle other than a (Bicycle/Power-Assisted
Bicycle) in Bicycle Lane	$200.00
§ 886-15B			Stop Vehicle other than Bicycle in Cycle Track	$200.00
§ 886-15C			Stop Micro-utility Device in Cycle Track	$200.00

Column 2
Short Form Wording

	Column 1		Column 2
Short Form Wording	Column 3
Penalty Amount
	Designated Part
	of Chapter

§ 903-4A			(Park/Stand) vehicle in accessible parking space
without proper display of valid permit	$450.00
§ 903-4B			(Park/Stand) vehicle in accessible parking space while
not transporting, picking up or dropping off current
valid accessible parking permit holder	$450.00

Column 2
Short Form Wording

Column 3
Penalty Amount

TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
Column 1 Column 2 Column 3
Designated Part Short Form Wording Penalty Amount
of Chapter
§ 903-7A (Park/Stand) vehicle in loading zone for persons with $450.00
disability without proper display of valid permit
§ 903-7A (Park/Stand) vehicle in loading zone for persons with $450.00
disability while not boarding or discharging valid
accessible parking permit holder
§ 903-8A (Park/Stand/Stop) vehicle in on-street accessible $450.00
parking space without proper display of valid permit
§ 903-9 (Park/Stand) vehicle in on-street loading zone for $450.00
persons with a disability without proper display of
valid permit
§ 903-9 (Park/Stand) vehicle in on-street loading zone for $450.00
persons with a disability while not boarding or
discharging valid accessible parking permit holder
Table 6: Chapter 910, Parking Machines, Parking Meters and Mobile Only Zones
Column 1 Column 2 Column 3
Designated Part Short Form Wording Penalty Amount
of Chapter
§ 910-4A(1) Park Bus – Designated Bus Parking Space – Parking $300.00
Machine – Required Fee Not Paid
§ 910-4A(1) Park Bus – Designated Bus Parking Space – Fail to $300.00
Activate Parking Machine
§ 910-4A(2) Park Bus – Designated Bus Parking Space – Parking $300.00
Machine – Prohibited Time
§ 910-4A(1) Parking Machine – Required Fee Not Paid $50.00
§ 910-4A(1) Park – Fail to Activate Parking Machine $50.00
§ 910-4A(2) Park – Parking Machine Space – Not Within Permitted $50.00
Time
610-34 February 10, 2025

	Column 1		Column 2
Short Form Wording	Column 3
Penalty Amount
	Designated Part
	of Chapter

§ 903-7A			(Park/Stand) vehicle in loading zone for persons with
disability without proper display of valid permit	$450.00
§ 903-7A			(Park/Stand) vehicle in loading zone for persons with
disability while not boarding or discharging valid
accessible parking permit holder	$450.00
§ 903-8A			(Park/Stand/Stop) vehicle in on-street accessible
parking space without proper display of valid permit	$450.00
§ 903-9			(Park/Stand) vehicle in on-street loading zone for
persons with a disability without proper display of
valid permit	$450.00
§ 903-9			(Park/Stand) vehicle in on-street loading zone for
persons with a disability while not boarding or
discharging valid accessible parking permit holder	$450.00

Column 2
Short Form Wording

Column 3
Penalty Amount

	Column 1		Column 2
Short Form Wording	Column 3
Penalty Amount
	Designated Part
	of Chapter

§ 910-4A(1)			Park Bus – Designated Bus Parking Space – Parking
Machine – Required Fee Not Paid	$300.00
§ 910-4A(1)			Park Bus – Designated Bus Parking Space – Fail to
Activate Parking Machine	$300.00
§ 910-4A(2)			Park Bus – Designated Bus Parking Space – Parking
Machine – Prohibited Time	$300.00
§ 910-4A(1)			Parking Machine – Required Fee Not Paid	$50.00
§ 910-4A(1)			Park – Fail to Activate Parking Machine	$50.00
§ 910-4A(2)			Park – Parking Machine Space – Not Within Permitted
Time	$50.00

Column 2
Short Form Wording

Column 3
Penalty Amount

TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
Column 1 Column 2 Column 3
Designated Part Short Form Wording Penalty Amount
of Chapter
§ 910-4C Park – Parking Machine Space – Fail to Display $50.00
Receipt in Windshield
§ 910-5 Park – Other Than Parking Machine Parking Space $50.00
§ 910-5.1 Park Motorcycle – Parking Machine Space – At Angle $30.00
less than 45 Degrees to Curb
§ 910-5.1 Park Motorcycle – Parking Machine Space – At Angle $30.00
greater than 60 Degrees to Curb
§ 910-6 Parking – Parking Machine Space – Exceeds $50.00
Maximum Time
§ 910-6.1 Park Non-bus Vehicle – Designated Bus Parking Space $50.00
– Parking Machine
§ 910-6.2 Park Non-electric Vehicle – Designated Electric $75.00
Vehicle Parking Space
§ 910-6.2 Park Electric Vehicle – Designated Electric Vehicle $75.00
Parking Space – Not Actively Connected
§ 910-6.2 Park Electric Vehicle – Designated Electric Vehicle $75.00
Parking Space – Exceeds Maximum Time
§ 910-6.3B Park vehicle other than Motorcycle in Designated $50.00
Motorcycle Parking Space
§ 910-9.4A Mobile Only Zone - Required Fee Not Paid $50.00
§ 910-9.4B Park - Mobile Only Zone Parking Space - Not Within $50.00
Permitted Time
§ 910-9.5 Park - Other Than Mobile Only Zone Parking Space $50.00
§ 910-9.5.1 Park Motorcycle - Mobile Only Zone Parking Space - $50.00
At Angle less than 45 Degrees to Curb
§ 910-9.5.1 Park Motorcycle - Mobile Only Zone Parking Space - $50.00
At Angle greater than 60 Degrees to Curb
610-35 February 10, 2025

	Column 1		Column 2
Short Form Wording	Column 3
Penalty Amount
	Designated Part
	of Chapter

§ 910-4C			Park – Parking Machine Space – Fail to Display
Receipt in Windshield	$50.00
§ 910-5			Park – Other Than Parking Machine Parking Space	$50.00
§ 910-5.1			Park Motorcycle – Parking Machine Space – At Angle
less than 45 Degrees to Curb	$30.00
§ 910-5.1			Park Motorcycle – Parking Machine Space – At Angle
greater than 60 Degrees to Curb	$30.00
§ 910-6			Parking – Parking Machine Space – Exceeds
Maximum Time	$50.00
§ 910-6.1			Park Non-bus Vehicle – Designated Bus Parking Space
– Parking Machine	$50.00
§ 910-6.2			Park Non-electric Vehicle – Designated Electric
Vehicle Parking Space	$75.00
§ 910-6.2			Park Electric Vehicle – Designated Electric Vehicle
Parking Space – Not Actively Connected	$75.00
§ 910-6.2			Park Electric Vehicle – Designated Electric Vehicle
Parking Space – Exceeds Maximum Time	$75.00
§ 910-6.3B			Park vehicle other than Motorcycle in Designated
Motorcycle Parking Space	$50.00
§ 910-9.4A			Mobile Only Zone - Required Fee Not Paid	$50.00
§ 910-9.4B			Park - Mobile Only Zone Parking Space - Not Within
Permitted Time	$50.00
§ 910-9.5			Park - Other Than Mobile Only Zone Parking Space	$50.00
§ 910-9.5.1			Park Motorcycle - Mobile Only Zone Parking Space -
At Angle less than 45 Degrees to Curb	$50.00
§ 910-9.5.1			Park Motorcycle - Mobile Only Zone Parking Space -
At Angle greater than 60 Degrees to Curb	$50.00

Column 2
Short Form Wording

Column 3
Penalty Amount

TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
Column 1 Column 2 Column 3
Designated Part Short Form Wording Penalty Amount
of Chapter
§ 910-9.6 Parking - Mobile Only Zone Parking Space - Exceeds $50.00
Maximum Time
§ 910-13A(1) Park Bus – Designated Bus Parking Space – Parking $300.00
Meter – No Fee Deposited
§ 910-13A(1) Park Bus – Designated Bus Parking Space – Fail to $300.00
Activate Parking Meter
§ 910-13A(2) Park Bus – Designated Bus Parking Space – Parking $300.00
Meter – Prohibited Time
§ 910-13A(1) Park – Fail to Deposit Fee in Parking Meter $30.00
§ 910-13A(1) Park – Fail to Activate Parking Meter $30.00
§ 910-13A(2) Park – Parking Meter Space – Not Within Permitted $30.00
Time
§ 910-14 Park – Other Than Parking Meter Parking Space $30.00
§ 910-15 Park Motorcycle – Parking Meter Space – At Angle $30.00
less than 45 Degrees to Curb
§ 910-15 Park Motorcycle – Parking Meter Space – At Angle $30.00
greater than 60 Degrees to Curb
§ 910-16 Park – Parking Meter Space – Exceeds Maximum $30.00
Time
§ 910-17 Park Non-bus Vehicle – Designated Bus Parking Space $30.00
– Parking Meter
§ 910-17.1B Park vehicle other than Motorcycle in Designated $40.00
Motorcycle Parking Space
610-36 February 10, 2025

	Column 1		Column 2
Short Form Wording	Column 3
Penalty Amount
	Designated Part
	of Chapter

§ 910-9.6			Parking - Mobile Only Zone Parking Space - Exceeds
Maximum Time	$50.00
§ 910-13A(1)			Park Bus – Designated Bus Parking Space – Parking
Meter – No Fee Deposited	$300.00
§ 910-13A(1)			Park Bus – Designated Bus Parking Space – Fail to
Activate Parking Meter	$300.00
§ 910-13A(2)			Park Bus – Designated Bus Parking Space – Parking
Meter – Prohibited Time	$300.00
§ 910-13A(1)			Park – Fail to Deposit Fee in Parking Meter	$30.00
§ 910-13A(1)			Park – Fail to Activate Parking Meter	$30.00
§ 910-13A(2)			Park – Parking Meter Space – Not Within Permitted
Time	$30.00
§ 910-14			Park – Other Than Parking Meter Parking Space	$30.00
§ 910-15			Park Motorcycle – Parking Meter Space – At Angle
less than 45 Degrees to Curb	$30.00
§ 910-15			Park Motorcycle – Parking Meter Space – At Angle
greater than 60 Degrees to Curb	$30.00
§ 910-16			Park – Parking Meter Space – Exceeds Maximum
Time	$30.00
§ 910-17			Park Non-bus Vehicle – Designated Bus Parking Space
– Parking Meter	$30.00
§ 910-17.1B			Park vehicle other than Motorcycle in Designated
Motorcycle Parking Space	$40.00

Column 2
Short Form Wording

Column 3
Penalty Amount

TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
Table 7: Chapter 915, Parking on Private or Municipal Property
Column 1 Column 2 Column 3
Designated Part Short Form Wording Penalty Amount
of Chapter
§ 915-2A Park Vehicle on Municipal Property Without Consent $75.00
§ 915-2A Leave Vehicle on Municipal Property Without Consent $75.00
§ 915-2B Park Vehicle on Private Property Without Consent $75.00
§ 915-2B Leave Vehicle on Private Property Without Consent $75.00
§ 915-2D Park Non-Electric Vehicle on Municipal Property – $75.00
Designated Electric Vehicle Parking Space
§ 915-2D Leave Non-Electric Vehicle on Municipal Property – $75.00
Designated Electric Vehicle Parking Space
§ 915-2D Park Electric Vehicle on Municipal Property - $75.00
Designated Electric Vehicle Parking Space – Not
Actively Connected
§ 915-2D Leave Electric Vehicle on Municipal Property – $75.00
Designated Electric Vehicle Parking Space – Not
Actively Connected
§ 915-2E Park Non-Electric vehicle on Private Property – $75.00
Designated Electric Vehicle Parking Space
§ 915-2E Leave Non-Electric vehicle on Private Property – $75.00
Designated Electric Vehicle Parking Space
§ 915-2E Park Electric Vehicle on Private Property – Designated $75.00
Electric Vehicle Parking Space – Not Actively
Connected
§ 915-2E Leave Electric Vehicle on Private Property – $75.00
Designated Electric Vehicle Parking Space – Not
Actively Connected
610-37 February 10, 2025

	Column 1		Column 2
Short Form Wording	Column 3
Penalty Amount
	Designated Part
	of Chapter

§ 915-2A			Park Vehicle on Municipal Property Without Consent	$75.00
§ 915-2A			Leave Vehicle on Municipal Property Without Consent	$75.00
§ 915-2B			Park Vehicle on Private Property Without Consent	$75.00
§ 915-2B			Leave Vehicle on Private Property Without Consent	$75.00
§ 915-2D			Park Non-Electric Vehicle on Municipal Property –
Designated Electric Vehicle Parking Space	$75.00
§ 915-2D			Leave Non-Electric Vehicle on Municipal Property –
Designated Electric Vehicle Parking Space	$75.00
§ 915-2D			Park Electric Vehicle on Municipal Property -
Designated Electric Vehicle Parking Space – Not
Actively Connected	$75.00
§ 915-2D			Leave Electric Vehicle on Municipal Property –
Designated Electric Vehicle Parking Space – Not
Actively Connected	$75.00
§ 915-2E			Park Non-Electric vehicle on Private Property –
Designated Electric Vehicle Parking Space	$75.00
§ 915-2E			Leave Non-Electric vehicle on Private Property –
Designated Electric Vehicle Parking Space	$75.00
§ 915-2E			Park Electric Vehicle on Private Property – Designated
Electric Vehicle Parking Space – Not Actively
Connected	$75.00
§ 915-2E			Leave Electric Vehicle on Private Property –
Designated Electric Vehicle Parking Space – Not
Actively Connected	$75.00

Column 2
Short Form Wording

Column 3
Penalty Amount

TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
Table 8: Chapter 918, Parking on Residential Front Yards and Boulevards
Column 1 Column 2 Column 3
Designated Part Short Form Wording Penalty Amount
of Chapter
§ 918-2B Unauthorized Parking on Boulevard $70.00
§ 918-2C Park on Boulevard Between Roadway and Sidewalk $70.00
§ 918-2E Park on Boulevard Without Currently Valid Numbered $70.00
Plates
§ 918-3A Unauthorized Front Yard Parking $70.00
§ 918-3B Park in Front Yard Without Currently Valid Numbered $70.00
Plates
§ 918-10F(1) Park less than 0.3 metres from Public Sidewalk $70.00
§ 918-10F(2) Park less than 0.3 metres from Residential Building $70.00
Door
§ 918-10F(3) Park less than 0.3 metres from Bottom Step $70.00
§ 918-10F(4) Park less than 0.3 metres from Window $70.00
§ 918-10F(5) Park less than 0.3 metres from Wall $70.00
Table 9: Chapter 925, Permit Parking
Column 1 Column 2 Column 3
Designated Part Short Form Wording Penalty Amount
of Chapter
§ 925-5N(1) Park in Permit Parking Location Without a Valid Permit $45.00
§ 925-5N(3) Continuously Park More Than 7 Consecutive Days in $45.00
Permit Parking Area
§ 925-5N(4) Park and Fail to Properly Display Parking Permit $45.00
§ 925-5N(5)(a) Park Motorcycle and Fail to Properly Affix Parking $40.00
Permit
610-38 February 10, 2025

	Column 1		Column 2
Short Form Wording	Column 3
Penalty Amount
	Designated Part
	of Chapter

§ 918-2B			Unauthorized Parking on Boulevard	$70.00
§ 918-2C			Park on Boulevard Between Roadway and Sidewalk	$70.00
§ 918-2E			Park on Boulevard Without Currently Valid Numbered
Plates	$70.00
§ 918-3A			Unauthorized Front Yard Parking	$70.00
§ 918-3B			Park in Front Yard Without Currently Valid Numbered
Plates	$70.00
§ 918-10F(1)			Park less than 0.3 metres from Public Sidewalk	$70.00
§ 918-10F(2)			Park less than 0.3 metres from Residential Building
Door	$70.00
§ 918-10F(3)			Park less than 0.3 metres from Bottom Step	$70.00
§ 918-10F(4)			Park less than 0.3 metres from Window	$70.00
§ 918-10F(5)			Park less than 0.3 metres from Wall	$70.00

Column 2
Short Form Wording

Column 3
Penalty Amount

	Column 1		Column 2
Short Form Wording	Column 3
Penalty Amount
	Designated Part
	of Chapter

§ 925-5N(1)			Park in Permit Parking Location Without a Valid Permit	$45.00
§ 925-5N(3)			Continuously Park More Than 7 Consecutive Days in
Permit Parking Area	$45.00
§ 925-5N(4)			Park and Fail to Properly Display Parking Permit	$45.00
§ 925-5N(5)(a)			Park Motorcycle and Fail to Properly Affix Parking
Permit	$40.00

Column 2
Short Form Wording

Column 3
Penalty Amount

TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
Column 1 Column 2 Column 3
Designated Part Short Form Wording Penalty Amount
of Chapter
§ 925-5N(5)(b) Park Motorcycle – At Angle Less than 45 Degrees to $30.00
Curb
§ 925-5N(5)(b) Park Motorcycle – At Angle Greater than 60 Degrees to $30.00
Curb
§ 925-5N(1.1) Park - Free-Floating Car-Share Vehicle in Free-Floating $35.00
Car-Share Waitlisted Area
Park - Free-Floating Car-Share Vehicle on Free-
§ 925-5N(1.1) $35.00
Floating Car-Share Waitlisted Street
Park – Free-Floating Car-Share Vehicle Longer than 72
§ 925-5.1F(1) $35.00
Hours
Park - Fail to Properly Display Free-Floating Car-Share
§ 925-5.1F(2) $35.00
Parking Permit
Table 10: Chapter 950, Traffic and Parking
[Amended 2025-02-02 by By-law 78-20253]
Column 1 Column 2 Column 3
Designated Part of Short Form Wording Penalty
Chapter Amount
§ 950-201B Leave (bicycle/cargo power-assisted bicycle/similar $150.00
vehicle) on highway
§ 950-203B Park – Micro-utility Device on (Highway/Sidewalk) $150.00
§ 950-203B Store – Micro-utility Device on (Highway/Sidewalk) $150.00
§ 950-203B Leave – Micro-utility Device on (Highway/Sidewalk) $150.00
§ 950-204B Park Large Quadricycle on sidewalk $150.00
§ 950-204B Store Large Quadricycle on sidewalk $150.00
3
Editor’s Note: This section of By-law 78-2025 came into effect on February 10, 2025.
610-39 February 10, 2025

	Column 1		Column 2	Column 3
Penalty Amount
	Designated Part		Short Form Wording
	of Chapter

§ 925-5N(5)(b)			Park Motorcycle – At Angle Less than 45 Degrees to
Curb	$30.00
§ 925-5N(5)(b)			Park Motorcycle – At Angle Greater than 60 Degrees to
Curb	$30.00
§ 925-5N(1.1)			Park - Free-Floating Car-Share Vehicle in Free-Floating
Car-Share Waitlisted Area	$35.00
§ 925-5N(1.1)			Park - Free-Floating Car-Share Vehicle on Free-
Floating Car-Share Waitlisted Street	$35.00
§ 925-5.1F(1)			Park – Free-Floating Car-Share Vehicle Longer than 72
Hours	$35.00
§ 925-5.1F(2)			Park - Fail to Properly Display Free-Floating Car-Share
Parking Permit	$35.00

Column 3
Penalty Amount

Column 1
Designated Part of
Chapter	Column 1	Column 2
Short Form Wording	Column 3
Penalty
Amount
	Designated Part of
	Chapter

§ 950-201B		Leave (bicycle/cargo power-assisted bicycle/similar
vehicle) on highway	$150.00
§ 950-203B		Park – Micro-utility Device on (Highway/Sidewalk)	$150.00
§ 950-203B		Store – Micro-utility Device on (Highway/Sidewalk)	$150.00
§ 950-203B		Leave – Micro-utility Device on (Highway/Sidewalk)	$150.00
§ 950-204B		Park Large Quadricycle on sidewalk	$150.00
§ 950-204B		Store Large Quadricycle on sidewalk	$150.00

Column 2
Short Form Wording

Column 3
Penalty
Amount

TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
Column 1 Column 2 Column 3
Designated Part of Short Form Wording Penalty
Chapter Amount
§ 950-204B Leave Large Quadricycle on sidewalk $150.00
§ 950-400A(1)(a) (Park/Stop) with right front and right rear wheels more than $40.00
30 centimetres from right curb
§ 950-400A(1)(b) Fail to (Park/Stop) Parallel to Curb $40.00
§ 950-400A(1)(b) Fail to (Park/Stop) Parallel – Right-Hand Limit of Highway $40.00
§ 950-400A(1)(b) Fail to (Park/Stop) as Near as Practicable Right-Hand Limit $40.00
of Highway
§ 950-400A(3)(a) (Park/Stop) with left front and left rear wheels more than 30 $30.00
centimetres from left-side Curb of One-Way Highway
§ 950-400A(3)(b) Fail to (Park/Stop) with left front and left rear wheels $30.00
Parallel to left limit of One-Way Highway
§ 950-400A(3)(b) Fail to (Park/Stop) with left front and left rear wheels as $30.00
Close as practicable to Left Limit of One-Way Highway
§ 950-400B(1) Stop – (on/over) (Sidewalk/Footpath) $200.00
§ 950-400B(1.1) Stop – (on/over)(Boulevard) $200.00
§ 950-400B.1(1)(a) Stop - Unauthorized Vehicle in Designated Vending Area $75.00
§ 950-400B(2) Stop – within (Intersection/Pedestrian Crossover) $200.00
§ 950-400B.2 Stop – Signed Highway – Within 7.5 Metres of Fire Hall – $75.00
Same Side
§ 950-400B.2 Stop – Signed Highway – Within 30.5 Metres of Fire Hall – $75.00
Opposite Side
§ 950-400B(3)(a) Stop – Within 15 metres of Pedestrian Crossover – $75.00
approach side
§ 950-400B(3)(b) Stop – Within 10 metres of Pedestrian Crossover – beyond $75.00
crossover
610-40 February 10, 2025

Column 1
Designated Part of
Chapter	Column 2
Short Form Wording	Column 3
Penalty
Amount

§ 950-204B	Leave Large Quadricycle on sidewalk	$150.00
§ 950-400A(1)(a)	(Park/Stop) with right front and right rear wheels more than
30 centimetres from right curb	$40.00
§ 950-400A(1)(b)	Fail to (Park/Stop) Parallel to Curb	$40.00
§ 950-400A(1)(b)	Fail to (Park/Stop) Parallel – Right-Hand Limit of Highway	$40.00
§ 950-400A(1)(b)	Fail to (Park/Stop) as Near as Practicable Right-Hand Limit
of Highway	$40.00
§ 950-400A(3)(a)	(Park/Stop) with left front and left rear wheels more than 30
centimetres from left-side Curb of One-Way Highway	$30.00
§ 950-400A(3)(b)	Fail to (Park/Stop) with left front and left rear wheels
Parallel to left limit of One-Way Highway	$30.00
§ 950-400A(3)(b)	Fail to (Park/Stop) with left front and left rear wheels as
Close as practicable to Left Limit of One-Way Highway	$30.00
§ 950-400B(1)	Stop – (on/over) (Sidewalk/Footpath)	$200.00
§ 950-400B(1.1)	Stop – (on/over)(Boulevard)	$200.00
§ 950-400B.1(1)(a)	Stop - Unauthorized Vehicle in Designated Vending Area	$75.00
§ 950-400B(2)	Stop – within (Intersection/Pedestrian Crossover)	$200.00
§ 950-400B.2	Stop – Signed Highway – Within 7.5 Metres of Fire Hall –
Same Side	$75.00
§ 950-400B.2	Stop – Signed Highway – Within 30.5 Metres of Fire Hall –
Opposite Side	$75.00
§ 950-400B(3)(a)	Stop – Within 15 metres of Pedestrian Crossover –
approach side	$75.00
§ 950-400B(3)(b)	Stop – Within 10 metres of Pedestrian Crossover – beyond
crossover	$75.00

Column 1
Designated Part of
Chapter

Column 2
Short Form Wording

Column 3
Penalty
Amount

TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
Column 1 Column 2 Column 3
Designated Part of Short Form Wording Penalty
Chapter Amount
§ 950-400B(3)(c) Stop – Signed highway - Pedestrian Crossover (approach $75.00
side/beyond crossover)
§ 950-400B(4) Stop – Beside Safety Zone $75.00
§ 950-400B(4) Stop – Within 15 metres of Safety Zone $75.00
§ 950-400B(5) Stop – Alongside (Excavation/Obstruction) in Roadway – $75.00
Impede Traffic
§ 950-400B(5) Stop – Across from (Excavation/Obstruction) in Roadway – $75.00
Impede Traffic
§ 950-400B(6) Stop – Road Side – (Stopped/Parked) Vehicle $150.00
§ 950-400B(7) Stop – On Bridge $75.00
§ 950-400B(7) Stop – On Elevated Structure $75.00
§ 950-400B(7) Stop – In Tunnel $75.00
§ 950-400B(7) Stop – In Underpass $75.00
§ 950-400B(9) Stop – On Middle Boulevard $75.00
§ 950-400B(9) Stop – On Centre Strip $75.00
§ 950-400B(9) Stop – Adjacent to Side of Middle Boulevard $75.00
§ 950-400B(9) Stop – Adjacent to End of Middle Boulevard $75.00
§ 950-400B(9) Stop – Adjacent to Side of Centre Strip $75.00
§ 950-400B(9) Stop – Adjacent to End of Centre Strip $75.00
§ 950-400B(10) Stop – Non-School Bus in School Bus Loading Zone $120.00
§ 950-400B(11) Stop – Within 9 metres of School Crossing $125.00
§ 950-400C(1) Stop – more than 3 hours on any one highway while $75.00
(offering for sale/taking orders) for
610-41 February 10, 2025

Column 1
Designated Part of
Chapter	Column 2
Short Form Wording	Column 3
Penalty
Amount

§ 950-400B(3)(c)	Stop – Signed highway - Pedestrian Crossover (approach
side/beyond crossover)	$75.00
§ 950-400B(4)	Stop – Beside Safety Zone	$75.00
§ 950-400B(4)	Stop – Within 15 metres of Safety Zone	$75.00
§ 950-400B(5)	Stop – Alongside (Excavation/Obstruction) in Roadway –
Impede Traffic	$75.00
§ 950-400B(5)	Stop – Across from (Excavation/Obstruction) in Roadway –
Impede Traffic	$75.00
§ 950-400B(6)	Stop – Road Side – (Stopped/Parked) Vehicle	$150.00
§ 950-400B(7)	Stop – On Bridge	$75.00
§ 950-400B(7)	Stop – On Elevated Structure	$75.00
§ 950-400B(7)	Stop – In Tunnel	$75.00
§ 950-400B(7)	Stop – In Underpass	$75.00
§ 950-400B(9)	Stop – On Middle Boulevard	$75.00
§ 950-400B(9)	Stop – On Centre Strip	$75.00
§ 950-400B(9)	Stop – Adjacent to Side of Middle Boulevard	$75.00
§ 950-400B(9)	Stop – Adjacent to End of Middle Boulevard	$75.00
§ 950-400B(9)	Stop – Adjacent to Side of Centre Strip	$75.00
§ 950-400B(9)	Stop – Adjacent to End of Centre Strip	$75.00
§ 950-400B(10)	Stop – Non-School Bus in School Bus Loading Zone	$120.00
§ 950-400B(11)	Stop – Within 9 metres of School Crossing	$125.00
§ 950-400C(1)	Stop – more than 3 hours on any one highway while
(offering for sale/taking orders) for	$75.00

Column 1
Designated Part of
Chapter

Column 2
Short Form Wording

Column 3
Penalty
Amount

TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
Column 1 Column 2 Column 3
Designated Part of Short Form Wording Penalty
Chapter Amount
(goods/wares/merchandise/produce/refreshments/beverages/
other food)
§ 950-400C(1) Stop – more than 1 hour at any one location during 3-hour $75.00
period while (offering for sale/taking orders) for
(goods/wares/merchandise/produce/refreshments/beverages/
other food)
§ 950-400D(1) Park – Obstruct (Driveway/Laneway) $65.00
§ 950-400D(1) Park – (In front/within 60 centimetres) of $75.00
(Driveway/Laneway)
§ 950-400D(2) Park - Within 3 metres of Fire Hydrant $125.00
§ 950-400D(3) Park – Within 9 metres of Intersecting Roadway $75.00
§ 950-400D(4) Park – Within 15 metres of (Railway Tracks/Level Railway $75.00
Crossing)
§ 950-400D(4) Park – Alongside (Railway Tracks/Level Railway Crossing) $75.00
§ 950-400D(5) Park – Longer than 3 Hours $40.00
§ 950-400D(6) Park Vehicle – For Sale $25.00
§ 950-400D(7) Park Vehicle – To (Wash/Grease/Repair) $25.00
§ 950-400D(8) Park – Prevent Removal of Vehicle $50.00
§ 950-400D(9) Park – former City of North York highway – 2:00 a.m. to $50.00
6:00 a.m. Dec.1 to Mar. 31
§ 950-400D(10)(a) Park – Vehicle Without Valid Ontario Number Plate $50.00
Properly Displayed
§ 950-400D(10)(b) Park – Vehicle Without Valid Non-Ontario Number Plate $50.00
Properly Displayed
§ 950-400E(1) Park – Signed Highway – Within 15 metres of Intersection $75.00
610-42 February 10, 2025

Column 1
Designated Part of
Chapter	Column 2
Short Form Wording	Column 3
Penalty
Amount

	(goods/wares/merchandise/produce/refreshments/beverages/
other food)
§ 950-400C(1)	Stop – more than 1 hour at any one location during 3-hour
period while (offering for sale/taking orders) for
(goods/wares/merchandise/produce/refreshments/beverages/
other food)	$75.00
§ 950-400D(1)	Park – Obstruct (Driveway/Laneway)	$65.00
§ 950-400D(1)	Park – (In front/within 60 centimetres) of
(Driveway/Laneway)	$75.00
§ 950-400D(2)	Park - Within 3 metres of Fire Hydrant	$125.00
§ 950-400D(3)	Park – Within 9 metres of Intersecting Roadway	$75.00
§ 950-400D(4)	Park – Within 15 metres of (Railway Tracks/Level Railway
Crossing)	$75.00
§ 950-400D(4)	Park – Alongside (Railway Tracks/Level Railway Crossing)	$75.00
§ 950-400D(5)	Park – Longer than 3 Hours	$40.00
§ 950-400D(6)	Park Vehicle – For Sale	$25.00
§ 950-400D(7)	Park Vehicle – To (Wash/Grease/Repair)	$25.00
§ 950-400D(8)	Park – Prevent Removal of Vehicle	$50.00
§ 950-400D(9)	Park – former City of North York highway – 2:00 a.m. to
6:00 a.m. Dec.1 to Mar. 31	$50.00
§ 950-400D(10)(a)	Park – Vehicle Without Valid Ontario Number Plate
Properly Displayed	$50.00
§ 950-400D(10)(b)	Park – Vehicle Without Valid Non-Ontario Number Plate
Properly Displayed	$50.00
§ 950-400E(1)	Park – Signed Highway – Within 15 metres of Intersection	$75.00

Column 1
Designated Part of
Chapter

Column 2
Short Form Wording

Column 3
Penalty
Amount

TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
Column 1 Column 2 Column 3
Designated Part of Short Form Wording Penalty
Chapter Amount
§ 950-400E(3) Park – Signed Highway – Within 30.5 metres of Signalized $75.00
Intersection
§ 950-400E(5) Park – Signed Highway – In front of (Entrance to/Exit $50.00
from) (Building/Enclosed Space)
§ 950-400E(7)(a) Park – Signed Highway – Within 15 metres of far side of $75.00
Signalized Crosswalk
§ 950-400E(7)(b) Park – Signed Highway – Within 30.5 metres of approach $75.00
to Signalized Crosswalk
§ 950-400E(8) Park – Signed Highway - Within Turning Basin $50.00
§ 950-400E(9) Park – Signed Highway – Interfere with Formation of $50.00
Funeral Procession
§ 950-400E(10) Park – Signed Highway – Within 15 metres of Termination $50.00
of Dead End Street
§ 950-400E(11) Park – Signed Highway – Within "T-type" Intersection $75.00
§ 950-400E(12) Park - Signed Highway - Public Lane $50.00
§ 950-400E(12) Park - Signed Highway – Less than 6 metres Wide $50.00
§ 950-400E(13) Park Signed Highway – Within 15 metres of Canada Post $40.00
Mailbox – same side
§ 950-400F(1) Stand Vehicle – Signed Highway – Transit Stop Zone $190.00
§ 950-400H Stand Unauthorized Vehicle in Car-Share Vehicle Parking $75.00
Area
§ 950-400H Stand Car-Share Vehicle - Parking Permit not properly $75.00
affixed
§ 950-400I Park Unauthorized Vehicle in Electric Vehicle Charging $75.00
Station Parking Space
§ 950-400I Park Electric Vehicle in Electric Vehicle Charging Station $75.00
Parking Space – not actively connected to charging station
610-43 February 10, 2025

Column 1
Designated Part of
Chapter	Column 2
Short Form Wording	Column 3
Penalty
Amount

§ 950-400E(3)	Park – Signed Highway – Within 30.5 metres of Signalized
Intersection	$75.00
§ 950-400E(5)	Park – Signed Highway – In front of (Entrance to/Exit
from) (Building/Enclosed Space)	$50.00
§ 950-400E(7)(a)	Park – Signed Highway – Within 15 metres of far side of
Signalized Crosswalk	$75.00
§ 950-400E(7)(b)	Park – Signed Highway – Within 30.5 metres of approach
to Signalized Crosswalk	$75.00
§ 950-400E(8)	Park – Signed Highway - Within Turning Basin	$50.00
§ 950-400E(9)	Park – Signed Highway – Interfere with Formation of
Funeral Procession	$50.00
§ 950-400E(10)	Park – Signed Highway – Within 15 metres of Termination
of Dead End Street	$50.00
§ 950-400E(11)	Park – Signed Highway – Within "T-type" Intersection	$75.00
§ 950-400E(12)	Park - Signed Highway - Public Lane	$50.00
§ 950-400E(12)	Park - Signed Highway – Less than 6 metres Wide	$50.00
§ 950-400E(13)	Park Signed Highway – Within 15 metres of Canada Post
Mailbox – same side	$40.00
§ 950-400F(1)	Stand Vehicle – Signed Highway – Transit Stop Zone	$190.00
§ 950-400H	Stand Unauthorized Vehicle in Car-Share Vehicle Parking
Area	$75.00
§ 950-400H	Stand Car-Share Vehicle - Parking Permit not properly
affixed	$75.00
§ 950-400I	Park Unauthorized Vehicle in Electric Vehicle Charging
Station Parking Space	$75.00
§ 950-400I	Park Electric Vehicle in Electric Vehicle Charging Station
Parking Space – not actively connected to charging station	$75.00

Column 1
Designated Part of
Chapter

Column 2
Short Form Wording

Column 3
Penalty
Amount

TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
Column 1 Column 2 Column 3
Designated Part of Short Form Wording Penalty
Chapter Amount
§ 950-400I Park Electric Vehicle in Electric Vehicle Charging Station $75.00
Parking Space – in excess of permitted time
§ 950-400L Park Vehicle – On-Street Logistics Mini-Hub Parking Area $75.00
§ 950-400L Stand Vehicle – On-Street Logistics Mini-Hub Parking $75.00
Area
§ 950-400L Stop Vehicle – On-Street Logistics Mini-Hub Parking Area $75.00
§ 950-400M Park Logistics Mini-Hub in an On-Street Logistics Mini- $75.00
Hub Parking Area Without Valid Permit
§ 950-400M Stand Logistics Mini-Hub in an On-Street Logistics Mini- $75.00
Hub Parking Area Without Valid Permit
§ 950-400M Stop Logistics Mini-Hub in an On-Street Logistics Mini- $75.00
Hub Parking Area Without Valid Permit
§ 950-400M Leave Logistics Mini-Hub in an On-Street Logistics Mini- $75.00
Hub Parking Area Without Valid Permit
§ 950-400M Permit the Parking - Logistics Mini-Hub in an On-Street $75.00
Logistics Mini-Hub Parking Area Without Valid Permit
§ 950-400M Permit the Standing - Logistics Mini-Hub in an On-Street $75.00
Logistics Mini-Hub Parking Area Without Valid Permit
§ 950-400M Permit the Stopping - Logistics Mini-Hub in an On-Street $75.00
Logistics Mini-Hub Parking Area Without Valid Permit
§ 950-400M Permit the Leaving - Logistics Mini-Hub in an On-Street $75.00
Logistics Mini-Hub Parking Area Without Valid Permit
§ 950-400M Park Logistics Mini-Hub in an On-Street Logistics Mini- $75.00
Hub Parking Area Without On-Street Logistics Mini-Hub
Permit Affixed Where Visible
§ 950-400M Stand Logistics Mini-Hub in an On-Street Logistics Mini- $75.00
Hub Parking Area Without On-Street Logistics Mini-Hub
Permit Affixed Where Visible
610-44 February 10, 2025

Column 1
Designated Part of
Chapter	Column 2
Short Form Wording	Column 3
Penalty
Amount

§ 950-400I	Park Electric Vehicle in Electric Vehicle Charging Station
Parking Space – in excess of permitted time	$75.00
§ 950-400L	Park Vehicle – On-Street Logistics Mini-Hub Parking Area	$75.00
§ 950-400L	Stand Vehicle – On-Street Logistics Mini-Hub Parking
Area	$75.00
§ 950-400L	Stop Vehicle – On-Street Logistics Mini-Hub Parking Area	$75.00
§ 950-400M	Park Logistics Mini-Hub in an On-Street Logistics Mini-
Hub Parking Area Without Valid Permit	$75.00
§ 950-400M	Stand Logistics Mini-Hub in an On-Street Logistics Mini-
Hub Parking Area Without Valid Permit	$75.00
§ 950-400M	Stop Logistics Mini-Hub in an On-Street Logistics Mini-
Hub Parking Area Without Valid Permit	$75.00
§ 950-400M	Leave Logistics Mini-Hub in an On-Street Logistics Mini-
Hub Parking Area Without Valid Permit	$75.00
§ 950-400M	Permit the Parking - Logistics Mini-Hub in an On-Street
Logistics Mini-Hub Parking Area Without Valid Permit	$75.00
§ 950-400M	Permit the Standing - Logistics Mini-Hub in an On-Street
Logistics Mini-Hub Parking Area Without Valid Permit	$75.00
§ 950-400M	Permit the Stopping - Logistics Mini-Hub in an On-Street
Logistics Mini-Hub Parking Area Without Valid Permit	$75.00
§ 950-400M	Permit the Leaving - Logistics Mini-Hub in an On-Street
Logistics Mini-Hub Parking Area Without Valid Permit	$75.00
§ 950-400M	Park Logistics Mini-Hub in an On-Street Logistics Mini-
Hub Parking Area Without On-Street Logistics Mini-Hub
Permit Affixed Where Visible	$75.00
§ 950-400M	Stand Logistics Mini-Hub in an On-Street Logistics Mini-
Hub Parking Area Without On-Street Logistics Mini-Hub
Permit Affixed Where Visible	$75.00

Column 1
Designated Part of
Chapter

Column 2
Short Form Wording

Column 3
Penalty
Amount

TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
Column 1 Column 2 Column 3
Designated Part of Short Form Wording Penalty
Chapter Amount
§ 950-400M Stop Logistics Mini-Hub in an On-Street Logistics Mini- $75.00
Hub Parking Area Without On-Street Logistics Mini-Hub
Permit Affixed Where Visible
§ 950-400M Leave Logistics Mini-Hub in an On-Street Logistics Mini- $75.00
Hub Parking Area Without On-Street Logistics Mini-Hub
Permit Affixed Where Visible
§ 950-400M Permit the Parking - Logistics Mini-Hub in an On-Street $75.00
Logistics Mini-Hub Parking Area Without On-Street
Logistics Mini-Hub Permit Affixed Where Visible
§ 950-400M Permit the Standing - Logistics Mini-Hub in an On-Street $75.00
Logistics Mini-Hub Parking Area Without On-Street
Logistics Mini-Hub Permit Affixed Where Visible
§ 950-400M Permit the Stopping - Logistics Mini-Hub in an On-Street $75.00
Logistics Mini-Hub Parking Area Without On-Street
Logistics Mini-Hub Permit Affixed Where Visible
§ 950-400M Permit the Leaving - Logistics Mini-Hub in an On-Street $75.00
Logistics Mini-Hub Parking Area Without On-Street
Logistics Mini-Hub Permit Affixed Where Visible
§ 950-401A(1) Park Taxicab for Hire – Unauthorized Location $50.00
§ 950-401A(2)(a) Stand Non-Taxicab Vehicle – Signed Taxicab Stand not $75.00
within 3 metres of Fire Hydrant
§ 950-401A(2)(a) Stand Taxicab Vehicle – Signed Taxicab Stand not within 3 $60.00
metres of Fire Hydrant – not waiting for hire
§ 950-401A(2)(b) Stand Non-Taxicab Vehicle – Signed Taxicab Stand within $100.00
3 metres of Fire Hydrant
§ 950-401A(2)(b) Stand Taxicab Vehicle – Signed Taxicab Stand within 3 $100.00
metres of Fire Hydrant – not waiting for hire
§ 950-401A(3)(a) Park or stand Taxicab Vehicle – Signed Taxicab Stand $100.00
within 3 metres of Fire Hydrant – not waiting for hire or
sufficiently close to taxicab
610-45 February 10, 2025

Column 1
Designated Part of
Chapter	Column 2
Short Form Wording	Column 3
Penalty
Amount

§ 950-400M	Stop Logistics Mini-Hub in an On-Street Logistics Mini-
Hub Parking Area Without On-Street Logistics Mini-Hub
Permit Affixed Where Visible	$75.00
§ 950-400M	Leave Logistics Mini-Hub in an On-Street Logistics Mini-
Hub Parking Area Without On-Street Logistics Mini-Hub
Permit Affixed Where Visible	$75.00
§ 950-400M	Permit the Parking - Logistics Mini-Hub in an On-Street
Logistics Mini-Hub Parking Area Without On-Street
Logistics Mini-Hub Permit Affixed Where Visible	$75.00
§ 950-400M	Permit the Standing - Logistics Mini-Hub in an On-Street
Logistics Mini-Hub Parking Area Without On-Street
Logistics Mini-Hub Permit Affixed Where Visible	$75.00
§ 950-400M	Permit the Stopping - Logistics Mini-Hub in an On-Street
Logistics Mini-Hub Parking Area Without On-Street
Logistics Mini-Hub Permit Affixed Where Visible	$75.00
§ 950-400M	Permit the Leaving - Logistics Mini-Hub in an On-Street
Logistics Mini-Hub Parking Area Without On-Street
Logistics Mini-Hub Permit Affixed Where Visible	$75.00
§ 950-401A(1)	Park Taxicab for Hire – Unauthorized Location	$50.00
§ 950-401A(2)(a)	Stand Non-Taxicab Vehicle – Signed Taxicab Stand not
within 3 metres of Fire Hydrant	$75.00
§ 950-401A(2)(a)	Stand Taxicab Vehicle – Signed Taxicab Stand not within 3
metres of Fire Hydrant – not waiting for hire	$60.00
§ 950-401A(2)(b)	Stand Non-Taxicab Vehicle – Signed Taxicab Stand within
3 metres of Fire Hydrant	$100.00
§ 950-401A(2)(b)	Stand Taxicab Vehicle – Signed Taxicab Stand within 3
metres of Fire Hydrant – not waiting for hire	$100.00
§ 950-401A(3)(a)	Park or stand Taxicab Vehicle – Signed Taxicab Stand
within 3 metres of Fire Hydrant – not waiting for hire or
sufficiently close to taxicab	$100.00

Column 1
Designated Part of
Chapter

Column 2
Short Form Wording

Column 3
Penalty
Amount

TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
Column 1 Column 2 Column 3
Designated Part of Short Form Wording Penalty
Chapter Amount
§ 950-401A(3)(b) Park or stand Taxicab Vehicle – Signed Taxicab Stand $100.00
within 3 metres of Fire Hydrant – driver does not move
taxicab on request
§ 950-402A(1) Park Vehicle – Commercial Loading Zone - Contrary to $50.00
Permitted (Day/Time)
§ 950-402A(1) Park Vehicle – Commercial Loading Zone – not actively $50.00
engaged in loading/unloading passengers/merchandise
§ 950-402A(3) Stand Vehicle – Passenger Loading Zone – Contrary to $120.00
Permitted (Day/Time)
§ 950-402A(3) Stand Vehicle – Passenger Loading Zone – Not Actively $120.00
Engaged in Loading/Unloading Passengers
§ 950-402B(1) Park Non-Bus vehicle – Bus Parking Zone – Prohibited $190.00
(Day/Time)
§ 950-402B(2) Park Non-Delivery vehicle – Delivery Vehicle Parking $50.00
Zone – Prohibited (Day/Time)
§ 950-402B(3) Park Bus – Bus Parking Zone – In excess of Permitted Time $300.00
§ 950-402B(3) Park Delivery Vehicle – Delivery Vehicle Parking Zone – $300.00
In excess of Permitted Time
§ 950-402C(1) Stop Non-Bus Vehicle – Bus Loading Zone $300.00
§ 950-402C(2) Park Bus – Bus Loading Zone $300.00
§ 950-404B(1) Fail to Angle (Park/Stop) at 45 Degrees Angle from $30.00
(Curb/Roadway Boundary) with front end of vehicle at curb
§ 950-404B(2) Park Motorcycle in Angle Space at Angle less than 45 $15.00
Degrees to Curb
§ 950-404B(2) Park Motorcycle in Angle Space at Angle more than 60 $15.00
Degrees to curb
§ 950-404C Fail to (Park/Stop) Within Designated Angle Space $40.00
610-46 February 10, 2025

Column 1
Designated Part of
Chapter	Column 2
Short Form Wording	Column 3
Penalty
Amount

§ 950-401A(3)(b)	Park or stand Taxicab Vehicle – Signed Taxicab Stand
within 3 metres of Fire Hydrant – driver does not move
taxicab on request	$100.00
§ 950-402A(1)	Park Vehicle – Commercial Loading Zone - Contrary to
Permitted (Day/Time)	$50.00
§ 950-402A(1)	Park Vehicle – Commercial Loading Zone – not actively
engaged in loading/unloading passengers/merchandise	$50.00
§ 950-402A(3)	Stand Vehicle – Passenger Loading Zone – Contrary to
Permitted (Day/Time)	$120.00
§ 950-402A(3)	Stand Vehicle – Passenger Loading Zone – Not Actively
Engaged in Loading/Unloading Passengers	$120.00
§ 950-402B(1)	Park Non-Bus vehicle – Bus Parking Zone – Prohibited
(Day/Time)	$190.00
§ 950-402B(2)	Park Non-Delivery vehicle – Delivery Vehicle Parking
Zone – Prohibited (Day/Time)	$50.00
§ 950-402B(3)	Park Bus – Bus Parking Zone – In excess of Permitted Time	$300.00
§ 950-402B(3)	Park Delivery Vehicle – Delivery Vehicle Parking Zone –
In excess of Permitted Time	$300.00
§ 950-402C(1)	Stop Non-Bus Vehicle – Bus Loading Zone	$300.00
§ 950-402C(2)	Park Bus – Bus Loading Zone	$300.00
§ 950-404B(1)	Fail to Angle (Park/Stop) at 45 Degrees Angle from
(Curb/Roadway Boundary) with front end of vehicle at curb	$30.00
§ 950-404B(2)	Park Motorcycle in Angle Space at Angle less than 45
Degrees to Curb	$15.00
§ 950-404B(2)	Park Motorcycle in Angle Space at Angle more than 60
Degrees to curb	$15.00
§ 950-404C	Fail to (Park/Stop) Within Designated Angle Space	$40.00

Column 1
Designated Part of
Chapter

Column 2
Short Form Wording

Column 3
Penalty
Amount

TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
Column 1 Column 2 Column 3
Designated Part of Short Form Wording Penalty
Chapter Amount
§ 950-405A Park – Signed Highway – During Prohibited (Day/Time) $65.00
§ 950-405B Park Bus – Signed Highway – During Prohibited $300.00
(Days/Times)
§ 950-405D Stop – Signed Highway – During Prohibited (Time/Day) $120.00
§ 950-405D.1 Stop – Signed Highway – During Rush Hour Period $300.00
§ 950-405E Stop Bus – Signed Highway – Prohibited (Days/Times) $300.00
§ 950-405F(1) Park – Signed Highway – in Excess of Permitted Time $50.00
§ 950-405G Stand Vehicle – Signed Highway During Prohibited $120.00
(Times/Days)
§ 950-405G.1 Stand Vehicle – Signed Highway – During Rush Hour $190.00
Period
§ 950-405H Stand Bus – Signed Highway -Prohibited (Days/Times) $300.00
§ 950-406A Park Vehicle - Snow Route $100.00
§ 950-406A Stand Vehicle - Snow Route $100.00
§ 950-406B Park Vehicle - Streetcar Track on Snow Route $200.00
§ 950-406B Stand Vehicle - Streetcar Track on Snow Route $200.00
§ 950-406B Park Vehicle - so as to Block Passage of Streetcar on Snow $200.00
Route
§ 950-406B Stand Vehicle - so as to Block Passage of Streetcar on $200.00
Snow Route
§ 950-407A Park Vehicle - Prohibited Area During Snow Removal $100.00
Operations
§ 950-503D(2) Stop Vehicle – Reserved/Designated Lane – Prohibited $170.00
(Time/Day)
610-47 February 10, 2025

Column 1
Designated Part of
Chapter	Column 2
Short Form Wording	Column 3
Penalty
Amount

§ 950-405A	Park – Signed Highway – During Prohibited (Day/Time)	$65.00
§ 950-405B	Park Bus – Signed Highway – During Prohibited
(Days/Times)	$300.00
§ 950-405D	Stop – Signed Highway – During Prohibited (Time/Day)	$120.00
§ 950-405D.1	Stop – Signed Highway – During Rush Hour Period	$300.00
§ 950-405E	Stop Bus – Signed Highway – Prohibited (Days/Times)	$300.00
§ 950-405F(1)	Park – Signed Highway – in Excess of Permitted Time	$50.00
§ 950-405G	Stand Vehicle – Signed Highway During Prohibited
(Times/Days)	$120.00
§ 950-405G.1	Stand Vehicle – Signed Highway – During Rush Hour
Period	$190.00
§ 950-405H	Stand Bus – Signed Highway -Prohibited (Days/Times)	$300.00
§ 950-406A	Park Vehicle - Snow Route	$100.00
§ 950-406A	Stand Vehicle - Snow Route	$100.00
§ 950-406B	Park Vehicle - Streetcar Track on Snow Route	$200.00
§ 950-406B	Stand Vehicle - Streetcar Track on Snow Route	$200.00
§ 950-406B	Park Vehicle - so as to Block Passage of Streetcar on Snow
Route	$200.00
§ 950-406B	Stand Vehicle - so as to Block Passage of Streetcar on
Snow Route	$200.00
§ 950-407A	Park Vehicle - Prohibited Area During Snow Removal
Operations	$100.00
§ 950-503D(2)	Stop Vehicle – Reserved/Designated Lane – Prohibited
(Time/Day)	$170.00

Column 1
Designated Part of
Chapter

Column 2
Short Form Wording

Column 3
Penalty
Amount

TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
Column 1 Column 2 Column 3
Designated Part of Short Form Wording Penalty
Chapter Amount
§ 950-503D(2.1) Stop Vehicle – Reserved/Designated Lane – Prohibited $170.00
(Time/Day)
§ 950-508A.1 Park Heavy (Truck/Vehicle) – Signed Highway –Prohibited $90.00
(Time/Day)
§ 950-601C(1) Car-Park - Parallel Park – Metered Space - Front Wheels $75.00
Not Opposite Meter
§ 950-601C(1) Car-Park - Parallel Park – Metered Space - Rear of Forward $75.00
Vehicle Not Opposite Forward Meter – Two Meters on
same standard
§ 950-601C(1) Car Park – Parallel Park – Metered Space - Rear of Forward $75.00
Vehicle Not as Close as Practicable to forward meter – Two
Meters on Same Standard
§ 950-601C(1) Car- Park - Parallel Park – Metered Space – Front of Rear $75.00
Vehicle Not Opposite Rear Meter – Two Meters on Same
Standard
§ 950-601C(1) Car-Park – Parallel Park – Metered Space - front of rear $75.00
vehicle not as close as practicable to rear meter – Two
Meters on Same Standard
§ 950-601C(2) Car-Park - Angle Park – Metered Space - Front of Vehicle $75.00
Not as Close as Practicable to Meter
§ 950-601C(3) Car-Park –Park – Part of Vehicle Outside Designated $75.00
Metered Space
§ 950-601C(3) Car-Park - Park – Two Parking Spaces – Fees Not Paid for $75.00
Both Spaces
§ 950-601C(3) Car-Park - Park – Two Parking Spaces – Fees Not Paid for $75.00
(Meter/Machine) for Both Spaces
§ 950-601F(1) Car-Park - Park – Meter Not Used/Fee Not Paid $75.00
§ 950-601G(1) Car-Park - Park – Parking Machine (Not Used/Required Fee $75.00
Not Paid)
610-48 February 10, 2025

Column 1
Designated Part of
Chapter	Column 2
Short Form Wording	Column 3
Penalty
Amount

§ 950-503D(2.1)	Stop Vehicle – Reserved/Designated Lane – Prohibited
(Time/Day)	$170.00
§ 950-508A.1	Park Heavy (Truck/Vehicle) – Signed Highway –Prohibited
(Time/Day)	$90.00
§ 950-601C(1)	Car-Park - Parallel Park – Metered Space - Front Wheels
Not Opposite Meter	$75.00
§ 950-601C(1)	Car-Park - Parallel Park – Metered Space - Rear of Forward
Vehicle Not Opposite Forward Meter – Two Meters on
same standard	$75.00
§ 950-601C(1)	Car Park – Parallel Park – Metered Space - Rear of Forward
Vehicle Not as Close as Practicable to forward meter – Two
Meters on Same Standard	$75.00
§ 950-601C(1)	Car- Park - Parallel Park – Metered Space – Front of Rear
Vehicle Not Opposite Rear Meter – Two Meters on Same
Standard	$75.00
§ 950-601C(1)	Car-Park – Parallel Park – Metered Space - front of rear
vehicle not as close as practicable to rear meter – Two
Meters on Same Standard	$75.00
§ 950-601C(2)	Car-Park - Angle Park – Metered Space - Front of Vehicle
Not as Close as Practicable to Meter	$75.00
§ 950-601C(3)	Car-Park –Park – Part of Vehicle Outside Designated
Metered Space	$75.00
§ 950-601C(3)	Car-Park - Park – Two Parking Spaces – Fees Not Paid for
Both Spaces	$75.00
§ 950-601C(3)	Car-Park - Park – Two Parking Spaces – Fees Not Paid for
(Meter/Machine) for Both Spaces	$75.00
§ 950-601F(1)	Car-Park - Park – Meter Not Used/Fee Not Paid	$75.00
§ 950-601G(1)	Car-Park - Park – Parking Machine (Not Used/Required Fee
Not Paid)	$75.00

Column 1
Designated Part of
Chapter

Column 2
Short Form Wording

Column 3
Penalty
Amount

TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
Column 1 Column 2 Column 3
Designated Part of Short Form Wording Penalty
Chapter Amount
§ 950-601G(1) Car-Park – Park - Fail to Activate Parking Machine $75.00
§ 950-601G(1) Car Park – Parking Machine – Park – Not Within Permitted $75.00
Period
§ 950-601G(2) Car-Park – Parking Machine – Park – Issued Card Not $75.00
Properly Displayed
§ 950-601O Car-Park – (Park/Leave ) Vehicle – Contrary to Posted Sign $75.00
§ 950-601P Car-Park – (Park/Leave) Bus – Contrary to Posted Sign $150.00
§ 950-601S Park Non-Electric Vehicle – Designated Electric Vehicle $75.00
Parking Space
§ 950-601S Park Electric Vehicle – Designated Electric Vehicle Parking $75.00
Space – Not Actively Connected
Table 11: Former Municipality of Metropolitan Toronto By-law 45-84, as amended, being a
By-law respecting the regulation of Traffic in Exhibition Place
Column 1 Column 2 Column 3
Designated Part Short Form Wording Penalty
of By-law Amount
Section 3(1) Stand vehicle where prohibited $70.00
Section 4(1) Park – Signed Roadway – longer than 20 minutes – at $70.00
prohibited time
Section 4(2) Stand – Signed Roadway – during prohibited time $70.00
Section 4(3) Stop – Signed Roadway – during prohibited time $70.00
610-49 February 10, 2025

Column 1
Designated Part of
Chapter	Column 1	Column 2
Short Form Wording	Column 3
Penalty
Amount
	Designated Part of
	Chapter

§ 950-601G(1)		Car-Park – Park - Fail to Activate Parking Machine	$75.00
§ 950-601G(1)		Car Park – Parking Machine – Park – Not Within Permitted
Period	$75.00
§ 950-601G(2)		Car-Park – Parking Machine – Park – Issued Card Not
Properly Displayed	$75.00
§ 950-601O		Car-Park – (Park/Leave ) Vehicle – Contrary to Posted Sign	$75.00
§ 950-601P		Car-Park – (Park/Leave) Bus – Contrary to Posted Sign	$150.00
§ 950-601S		Park Non-Electric Vehicle – Designated Electric Vehicle
Parking Space	$75.00
§ 950-601S		Park Electric Vehicle – Designated Electric Vehicle Parking
Space – Not Actively Connected	$75.00

Column 2
Short Form Wording

Column 3
Penalty
Amount

	Column 1		Column 2		Column 3
	Designated Part		Short Form Wording		Penalty
	of By-law				Amount

Section 3(1)			Stand vehicle where prohibited	$70.00
Section 4(1)			Park – Signed Roadway – longer than 20 minutes – at
prohibited time	$70.00
Section 4(2)			Stand – Signed Roadway – during prohibited time	$70.00
Section 4(3)			Stop – Signed Roadway – during prohibited time	$70.00

TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
Schedule B
Designated Statute Provisions (Red Light Camera and Automated Speed Enforcement
Violations)
Table 1: Highway Traffic Act
Column 1 Column 2 Column 3 Column 4
Designated Short Form Penalty Amount Victim Fine Surcharge
Part of Statute Wording (the portion of the penalty amount
credited to the Province of Ontario
Victims' Justice Fund Account)
128(1) Automated Column A × Column B
Speed Column A
Victim Fine
Enforcement kilometre Column B Penalty Amount
Surcharge
/hour over penalty rate in
the community $0 - $50 $10
maximum safety zone or
speed school zone $51 - $75 $15
limit
$76 - $100 $20
1 to 19
kilometre $5.00/kilometre
$101 - $150 $25
/hour
20 to 29 $151 - $200 $35
kilometre $7.50/kilometre
$201 - $250 $50
/hour
30 to 49
$251 - $300 $60
kilometre $12.00/kilometre
/hour $301 - $350 $75
50
kilometre $351 - $400 $85
$19.50/kilometre
/hour or
$401 - $450 $95
more
$451 - $500 $110
$501 - $1000 $125
25 percent of
$1001 and above penalty amount
in Column 3
610-50 February 10, 2025

Column 1	Column 2
Short Form
Wording	Column 3				Column 4
Victim Fine Surcharge
(the portion of the penalty amount
credited to the Province of Ontario
Victims' Justice Fund Account)
Designated		Penalty Amount
Part of Statute

128(1)	Automated
Speed
Enforcement	Column A × Column B				Victim Fine
Penalty Amount
Surcharge
$0 - $50 $10
$51 - $75 $15
$76 - $100 $20
$101 - $150 $25
$151 - $200 $35
$201 - $250 $50
$251 - $300 $60
$301 - $350 $75
$351 - $400 $85
$401 - $450 $95
$451 - $500 $110
$501 - $1000 $125
25 percent of
$1001 and above penalty amount
in Column 3
			Column A		Column B
penalty rate in
community
safety zone or
school zone
			kilometre
			/hour over
			the
			maximum
			speed
			limit
		1 to 19
kilometre
/hour			$5.00/kilometre
		20 to 29
kilometre
/hour			$7.50/kilometre
			kilometre
			/hour
			30 to 49		$12.00/kilometre
			kilometre
			/hour
			50		$19.50/kilometre
			kilometre
			/hour or
			more

Penalty Amount	Victim Fine
Surcharge
$0 - $50	$10
$51 - $75	$15
$76 - $100	$20
$101 - $150	$25
$151 - $200	$35
$201 - $250	$50
$251 - $300	$60
$301 - $350	$75
$351 - $400	$85
$401 - $450	$95
$451 - $500	$110
$501 - $1000	$125
$1001 and above	25 percent of
penalty amount
in Column 3

Column B
penalty rate in
community
safety zone or
school zone

kilometre
/hour

TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
Column 1 Column 2 Column 3 Column 4
Designated Short Form Penalty Amount Victim Fine Surcharge
Part of Statute Wording (the portion of the penalty amount
credited to the Province of Ontario
Victims' Justice Fund Account)
144(18) Red light – $260 $60
fail to stop
144(18) Red light – $400 $85
fail to stop –
community
safety zone
610-51 February 10, 2025

Column 1	Column 2	Column 3	Column 4
Designated	Short Form	Penalty Amount	Victim Fine Surcharge
Part of Statute	Wording		(the portion of the penalty amount
			credited to the Province of Ontario
			Victims' Justice Fund Account)
144(18)	Red light –
fail to stop	$260	$60
144(18)	Red light –
fail to stop –
community
safety zone	$400	$85

TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
Schedule C
Administrative Fees
**Please refer to City of Toronto Municipal Code Chapter 441, Fees and Charges, for any
additional fees that may be charged by the City.
Part 1: Designated By-law Provisions
Description Fee
Late payment fee: $31.01
failure to pay an administrative penalty within
the time prescribed by this chapter.
Vehicle owner/address search fee: $14.87
search of the records of the Ontario Ministry
of Transportation.
Plate denial enforcement fee: $31.01
notification of the Registrar of Motor
Vehicles in the jurisdiction where the permit
(vehicle licence plate) is registered of the
default in payment.
Screening non-appearance fee: $62.01
failure to appear at the time and place
scheduled for a hearing review.
Hearing non-appearance fee: $93.02
failure to appear at the time and place
scheduled for a hearing review.
Part 2: Designated Statute Provisions
**The following fees are prescribed by Ontario Regulation 355/22
Description: Fee:
Late Payment Fee:
Failure to pay an administrative penalty $20.00
within the time prescribed by this chapter.
610-52 February 10, 2025

TORONTO MUNICIPAL CODE
CHAPTER 610, PENALTIES, ADMINISTRATION OF
Hearing non-appearance fee:
failure to appear at the time and place $60.00
scheduled for a hearing review.
Screening non-appearance fee:
Failure to appear at the time and place $60.00
scheduled for a hearing review
Vehicle Owner/Address Search Fee:
Search of the records of the Ontario $8.25
Ministry of Transportation
610-53 February 10, 2025
